It was a rising afternoon .
I was working on the science of science in ACLLU , the Universities of Liorities .
I looked at my work , but precisely that day I felt a little bit angry .
So I found myself down to my company Chris Anderson .
( Music ) Chris took over 30 years to working in the ACLA , which I knew about the work of institutions .
I told Chris I was a punchline .
I was researching a number of questions about the crosof science and freedoms : very interesting .
But I wanted to do that ACLLU approaches these most expensive problems , a way that made a difference .
Chris was going to the big , and I asked myself , &quot; &quot; Where all of these issues , what are the five ones you are still ? &quot;
Well , it &apos;s about the genetics of genetics , the reproductive technologies , the biomolecules and ...
There &apos;s also a cool thing , the IMRMRo , there &apos;s also a cool thing , the IMRRRY , and ...
&quot; &quot; Well , of course , the subject of genetic patent . &quot; &quot; Do you predict that ?
Yes , that is , of course , of genes .
&quot; No ! &quot;
Do I tell you what the American government exacred exchanges from the human body ?
It can &apos;t be . &quot; &quot; I went back to my disgust and sent him to Chris three papers .
And 20 minutes later , it came up with a hundred thousand samples .
&quot; Did you walk ! Till right ! What do you do ? &quot;
( Laughter ) And it &apos;s a big lawyer , but it didn &apos;t know anything about it , but it didn &apos;t know anything about it about the patent .
I knew something about genetics , but it didn &apos;t even have a sense of patent .
It was clear that there was a lot to learn before we put anybody .
First of all , we had to know exactly what I looked at when somebody behaves a gene .
The genetic patent trolls used to include outwards , but the most discussed of all are called DNA DNA , or it &apos;s a piece of DNA that &apos;s extracting of a cell .
The defenses of this saying , &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t patent the lanes of your body , and it &apos;s true , and it &apos;s true , but it &apos;s true , but it &apos;s true , it &apos;s more radicalized .
And the patent doesn &apos;t make a difference and ilside in particular , but all the possibilities of that gene .
What does this mean ?
Well , you can &apos;t pass your genes to a physician and ask it that examamine , to see if it &apos;s a mutation , without permission from the patent .
It also means that the tukerchief of the patent has the right to prevent that gene into a research or clinical trials .
And so I learned that these tutores , the private companies , actually closed in the human genome was predicting the patients .
We have the case of Abiger , a little 10 years of I.QT syndrome , a heart disease , if it &apos;s not , can cause the sudden death .
And the company that employed the two genes associated with this disease has created a chance to diagnose their syndrome .
But then they came up and they never arrived .
But the company that had the banezzzi patrizetic patrize-based surplus , but the company that saved the patrizure patrides or mixing them by inflicking the patent .
Two years without power to do it .
During that time , Abigese died of I.QT .
The patent trolls were a problem that predicts the patients .
Did you wait any way to do it ?
Well , it turns out that the Supreme Supreme stopped clear in a long list of cases , there &apos;s a number of things that aren &apos;t pathological .
You can &apos;t patent products : the air , the water , the minority , the mineral elements .
In fact , in the sense of nature , the law of gravity , and = m2 .
I &apos;m really crucial , and it &apos;s going to be the reach for everyone else , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone else , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone else , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone , and it &apos;s going to be the grasp of everyone else , and it
In our opinion , the structure of the most fundamental lives , which encodes the production of all our proteins , is so much a product product of nature like a law of nature , regardless of what you find in our bodies or at the bottom of an end .
To report the best way , we travel across the country to talk with different experts : scientists , professional doctors , lawyer , patents .
Most of us told us we had reason from a political point of political view , and when fewer than a legal point of view .
They all think they &apos;re going to get the chance to get out with our subject , they were so much like it .
But why ?
It turns out that the patent card has yielded these over 20 years .
There were thousands of patents of human genes .
The patent court was very stunned in the status quo , the biotech industry , the biotech industry , all around this practice , and the lithium to make the genetic patent troll represents year after Congress , without getting takers .
In the short , the courts weren &apos;t supposed to be emulular by these patent .
But I don &apos;t like Chris and I don &apos;t put it in fear , but they said , &quot; &quot; Well , let &apos;s have no hair , but you &apos;ll say , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s right , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s
So we started checking our causes .
The retirement retirement is going to be : Commissioner , the IFC for some technician , dark and confused .
We didn &apos;t care about that kind of causes , we think our causes full lot more .
It &apos;s based on the scientific freedom , the progression of the physician and the diseases of patients .
So we decided to open up a cause that would not be like shy , but a cause cause of the subjects .
We put together a timely pattude of genetic patent that was going to defend investors to defend their patent to then organize a cop of demos and experiment that they told them to the courts like these patents in patients and incorporate .
We think the ideal candidate to demand was Myriad Genecon , a company with sesters in Salt Law School .
Mythad had the patent trolls of two genes , the BRCAA1 and BRA2 .
The women with certain mutations in these genes are probably the odds of priorities of heart and of course .
In the United States , a total monopic monks on the United States .
He said that there &apos;s a lot of jobs from BCRA Code .
They had a lot of money for their exam : over 3,000 dollars .
They were going to share their clinical data with international scientific community .
And if you look at the worse , for a period of several years , Myranu deniled to the examination so that it includes additional mutations that were identified by a team of researchers in France .
It turned out that during several years , for several years , until one percent of the women who were asked for a wrong answer : a negative outcome that should be positive .
This is Katuan Maxy .
Burma from Kathleleum , Eileen , developed cancer with 40 years and made the examine examad .
It gave me negative negative .
The family turned .
The most likely was that cancer wasn &apos;t present in the family , so that the other family members didn &apos;t need to examination .
Two years later , Kathleleum diagnosed a cancer cell in advanced state .
It turned out that sister &apos;s sister &apos;s sister was found between that 12 percent of people who received a negative outcome .
If Eileen got the result right now , Kathlem would make his way out , and she would avoid his heart cancer .
I could mimic these problems .
If you were genetic genetic genetic counselors , the genetic conception of defense , and the individual women who were created by the most 150,000 scientists and professional women who were created by the most 150,000 scientists and professional women who were unable to pay , because of the patent .
One of the main challenges that we face when we prepare this case was to think about science .
To argue that what I &apos;ve done Myriad was not an invitation , and that &apos;s the livient side of nature , we had to explain a couple of basic concept , we had to explain a couple of basic concept , of the guy : What is the DNA ?
As if the DNA , and why isn &apos;t it a unusual way ?
We assign hours and hours with our demos and experiment , trying to give them the way to explain these concept of simple shape .
And at the end we end up by burning hand , the gold of the gold .
So this DNA is like extrace-gold gold extracting of a mountain , or the reading of a river .
You can patent the process to extract gold , but you can &apos;t patent the gold .
The second thing is it &apos;s going to go back to extracting gold gold from the mountain ; you can &apos;t patent it .
And the gold , one time , is able to use all sorts of things in the world that couldn &apos;t use when it was in the mountain ; with it , with it , you can &apos;t patent the gold , because it &apos;s still gold .
In 2009 , we had leprosy to the case .
We &apos;ve come back to the top of the Federal School of New York district , and the case went assigned , and the case came up with his Sweet .
In March of 2010 , the Sweet Sweet issued his verbs : 152 pages .
When we read their opinion , I assume that I describe science in this case .
I mean , our report — it was pretty good , but not that good .
How could it develop a deep awareness of the subject in that little time ?
We can &apos;t imagine as well as possible .
So it worked hard to work with the Sweet Sweet of that , not just a lawyer — it was scientific .
And not only science was scientific — I had a PhD in biology .
( Laughter ) I was lucky enough .
So Myriad appealed or at the end of the Federal Clater .
And here are the things we get interested in .
First of all , in a life of this case , the government of the United States has changed .
In the district district , government issued a report of Myriad .
But in the direct place to his own patent troll , the government presented a report in which he said he had to reconsider this topic to light the light of the district of district district , and concluded that DNA wasn &apos;t susceptible to being patent .
This was very important , fully unexpected .
It &apos;s from the Federal Ciracuum to the Federal Ciracuum for all cases of patent , and it &apos;s known to their sudden , very , very , very , very high .
So even with this remarkable event , we told them to lose .
And so it was .
More or less .
The decision was to two against one .
But the two counts that they voted against us , they did it because it &apos;s totally different .
The first one , the Hourifie Lourine , changed his own own and new biological language .
( Laughter )
Myad tape argues that , which didn &apos;t have any sense .
The other histories , the whole Moore of Moore said he agreed that with us in the corner , being the islands of nature .
But &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t want to leave you to the biotech industry . &quot; &quot; The third , the Bryan Fyson , gave the reason .
You have to have a question that you have to answer the question of the Bible .
So , in fact , these questions took the shape of a supermassive paragraph , a kid , a shootine with lots of wonderful clutones , where &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; for so much .
We did what that was the most short-dimensional question that happened .
Five of words : Are they patent the human genes ?
When Chris told me , I said , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
I think you would have to say , &apos; Is it the patent . &quot; &quot; No .
I want you to have the judgment , the same reaction I had to tell me about seven years ago . &quot; &quot; And of course , I mean , it &apos;s seven years .
The Supreme Supreme is just one percent of the cases around one percent of the cases that had , and accepted our .
It &apos;s the day of orgs , and it was very , very exciting — with a lot of people outside , people who would take out from the two : 30 of the morning to try to get into the junk .
It &apos;s organized by the cancer of chest cancer , organized a manifestation on its throat .
( Applause ) Chris and I took together in the hallway , moments before he went to defend the most important case of his career .
I was much more nervous than he did .
But all of that site , when I came up in the room , and I saw around me around me a lot of requests , women who knew and broke their stories , the geneticists that sacrificed time time , the geneticists that sacrificed time time , and the geneticists that sacrificed his time in the court of court fees .
In the room , they were also three leaders of the Human Genome Project , including the coastal DNA of the DNA , James Watson , who had presented a report to court , where he said he would patent it .
The claim was engaging .
( Music ) ( Applause ) Chris argued .
But to me , the most passionate about me was to see the counts of the Supreme Court trying to understand the loyal DNA , measurement a series of synthesis and dialogues , in a very similar way , as the last seven years .
The judge was associated with the illusion of DNA with extracting a coastal plant plant .
And the stem of Roberts associate it with making a box and a baseball from a tree .
And what I &apos;m talking about was my favorite moment , &quot; &quot; Sotcia Sotcior determines that the DNA was nature . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So when we came out of that day , we were really confident , but it &apos;s a special part of it .
A natural segment of DNA is a product of nature , and it &apos;s not susceptible to being patent just because outside .
And what it is more , Meyriad did not create anything . &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; and four hours after the decision , five jobs announced that they were starting to hate their exam .
Some of them promised to offer the most cheap exams than Myriad .
Some promise to offer a much more exquisite exam exam with Myriad .
But the decision of the court was beyond Myriad .
Remator with a memorial of 25 years that would allow many human genes in the United States .
Elimor tuna that supports the incorporate and research research .
And he helped the doctors like Abiger , Katleleen and Eileen had access to exams that needed .
Shound weeks after the court consists of his decision , I had had a little snapshot in the box of the correct box .
( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) ( Clicking ) And one of the first people who and one of the first people that me and Chris went to visit , and one of the first people that me and Chris went to visit , and one of the first people that me and Chris went to visit , and one of the first people who and Chris went to visit , and one
( Laughter ) We found a lot of this case .
Some of what he gave us to the brave risks was to know that we were setting up the right thing .
The process lasted almost eight years from the beginning to end , with a lot of heroic and unpredictability .
Of course , it &apos;s lucky enough , but it has been the communities that we unlined up , and the alanmakers that we create , the ones that we create , the ones that we create , the ones that we have .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Ola . Today , I &apos;m going to show you a little bit about eight of my projects , made in collaboration with the performs .
We &apos;re called PPS &amp; Ro and we live and we work in the India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , what I call &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; — I call me in the peculiar way of asking my uncle to constantly ask things for him , almost as if I was an extension of his body , he would accessed the lights , or a piece of tobacco .
When I grew up , the thing was worse , and I ate to see how a control form .
Of course , I couldn &apos;t say nothing to say anything , because the guy is a very supportive figure in the family .
What else I would love and dismissed was his phone use .
He would take the auduular and I would wait for the number of him .
As a response and how I was agastic for my uncle , I &apos;ll tell you , &quot; &quot; Your phones , &quot; &quot; and it &apos;s so long that they make a lack of two people to use it .
It &apos;s exactly the way my uncle uses a phone .
The problem is , when I got home , and I went to university , I started to get fewer your ordes .
So I did I &apos;ve been writing a little bit tired of writing that I could give you the ears and suddenly the world of all the world the electronic world .
What I had to do was take a piece of paper , put the paper in the car , writing the electronic email , writing the electronics .
This device would send automatically to the person in the matter of the letter .
So here you see that we have a lot of electronic approaches that understand all the mechanical properties that understand all the mechanical properties and they &apos;re constantly saying that the mechanical properties .
So my uncle is only a mechanical interface .
And since then , the object has to be strong and having a touch of kidney , like I like my uncle .
The next job is an sensitive device to the sound that we call the charming &quot; &quot; The Pigners &quot; &quot; . &quot; &quot; We wanted to work with the mood of being surrounded by a tribal , sensitive tribal creatures .
This works like this . We have these pins here on the wall , and behind , we have these little creatures that a little bit worse than it .
As we were in silence , intimian .
And if there &apos;s more silence yet , there are the fish .
And at the low sound , they &apos;re shining again .
So we have these last three walls in three walls .
And then we had some of these little pounding pigments behind .
And this is how it works .
This is a video player .
When there &apos;s silent , it goes backwards on the bottom of the pit .
It &apos;s like humans or real creatures .
And they eat the sounds of the sounds that they used in there .
They don &apos;t respond to the sound of the bottom .
Oil a gift in a moment when they didn &apos;t respond .
( rug ) But it responds to the sounds in the first plan .
( Applause ) We work hard to do it , and we work hard to do it as much as possible .
Every pits has its own own behavior , psychic , change of humor , personalities , etc .
This is a very premature prototype .
Of course , it was the best after that .
We did that responds to people , but we saw that people were pretty beautiful and infant with them .
This is a video piece of video called &quot; &quot; The &quot; &quot; the person &apos;s lost . &quot; &quot; We were quite intrigued with the idea of invisibility .
How would it be possible to experiment ?
We work with a specialized company based on surveillance cameras , and we asked them to create software with us using a camera that could look at people in the room , following this people and replace a person with the bottom , going to be invisible .
I &apos;ll show you a very premature prototype .
In the past , you can see by my colleague Sears , who actually is in space .
And on the left , you &apos;ll see the processed video where the camera does invisible .
Sound enters . See ! Be invisible .
You can see how the camera goes and the rubber .
It &apos;s a premature video , so we still don &apos;t dwindle and all of it , but it &apos;s perfect , it &apos;s perfect .
We &apos;ve done this in a room where there was a camera look like space and we had a monitor on each wall .
And second people would go in the room , see themselves in the monitor , except for a distinction : a person was constantly invisible to where you want to move in the room .
This work is called the sun &apos;s shadows . It was almost like a piece of paper , like a landmark of a child , or a sun .
By the way , this object seems very strong and robust , almost a very weak picture .
People would walk through the room and almost the ignorer thinking that was some tracked .
But instead of going to close , then it would start throwing the wall out of the wall .
It gets back and displacement .
( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) This work is a caraster of a sunny .
Their head is so heavy , full of memories , which seems to fall in their strings , and his body grows almost like a plant .
What do you do is move around your head as if you were like it in a very unpredictable movement , extremely unpredictability .
It &apos;s like thank you for that circle .
Because if that circle weren &apos;t there and the soil outside , it would begin to deamampling through space .
And there &apos;s been there .
And I &apos;ll show you an example . When people go into housing , it turns out this object .
And so slowly , in a few minutes , you find it terribly , it &apos;s going fast , it &apos;s speed and it seems like it &apos;s the point .
This is an important moment because we wanted to uncover the viewers of almost going and help or save it .
I don &apos;t need the needs because he really doesn &apos;t need it because he even did it again .
This work was a technician for us and we worked hard for us and we worked hard , like in most of our jobs , for years to get a mechanical mechanic and a forum .
It was very important for us to be able to make the exact moment that it would be , because if we make it so that the balance that balance the balance , then it lets you , and if it wasn &apos;t enough , it didn &apos;t get it , he didn &apos;t get it , he didn &apos;t get it , he didn &apos;t get it , he didn &apos;t .
I &apos;m going to show you a very fast video clip where we do a test . It &apos;s much faster .
That &apos;s my company . Let &apos;s go .
Now it &apos;s going to be available now , so it &apos;s going to take us .
But it doesn &apos;t need to do it , because it &apos;s going to make it right .
This is a work that we &apos;ve been very intrigued by , working with the presence of the puppets with thousands of tons of optics than they used like the nomons .
And it &apos;s the scale of the skull scale .
We see this around a drop of a glittering form of toddler , which was pasted from the face .
The idea was contracting something so cold , distant and abstract , like the universe in familiar , which is very realistic and intimate .
And the idea was that at any point we &apos;ll let you look at the shape of a butterfly and almost the perpetrate like a hole in space , like if you were going to look a statue on it .
This is the last job , even process , and it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; theft of space . &quot; &quot; So imagine a custod that was so big in front of you in the middle of the room in the middle of the room , and that , you know , you &apos;re going to try and feel intimidate in a cubicle in a cubicle and four times its volume .
This object is largely expanding and counterintuitive to create an dynamics with people moving around , like if you try to hiding a secret in your pocket or something like this .
We work with a lot of technology , but it doesn &apos;t just like the guard , because they &apos;re very suffering in our work for years and years .
But we use it because we are interested in the way that helps us express emotions and patterns of behaviors in these creatures that we create .
When a creature has come to the mind , and almost like the process of creation was going to discover the way that this creature wants to exist , and how it wants to move it .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m going to start to give you a useful truth-up truce , and all the way forward is this : you have to change it for two minutes .
But before it turned out , I want to ask you right now that you look at your body and what you &apos;re doing with it .
So , how many of you are suddenly a little bit frustrated ?
And so I picked up with my skilled legs , the skilled roam .
We sometimes put the arm like this .
Sometimes I have , you know . ( Laughter )
It takes attention to what you do right now .
We &apos;re going to go back to this in a few minutes , and I hope that if you learn how to fix it a little bit can change the development of your life .
Well , we are fascinated with the body language and a non-human language , especially language language .
You know , a couple of years — this — ( Laughter ) — ( Laughter ) — ( Laughter ) — a toddled , a fixing , a smile , a smash blurry , or even something like a stick of hands .
Narrator : So here they are coming to the number 10 .
This policymakers are lucky , and it gives him the president of the United States .
There &apos;s the first minister ... No . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Friends ) ( Applause ) Amy Caddy : Put it out of hands , or his absence , you might have to talk for weeks and weeks .
BBC and the Times Times .
So when we think about it in non-verbal language or language language that we have the sociologists we have we have , we have social language .
When we talk about communication we think of interaction .
What about your body language language ?
What do you communicate me ?
There are reasons to believe that it &apos;s going to be true of this wonder .
The sociologists spend a lot of time or other people , about the retirement .
We make judges and depressing language .
They can predict the important projections in life as the ones we hire or promote or promote or who we ask for granted .
For example , Ancient Andy , a researcher at the University of Tuphts , demonstrating that when somebody &apos;s about 30 seconds of videos are on the sympathy of the doctor &apos;s mind to the sympathy of the doctor &apos;s mind if that doctor will be demoed or not .
So he doesn &apos;t have to see so much with the doctor if the doctor was or not inadequate but even if you liked that person and as an intersible .
Even more of it , Alex Tokov , at Princeton , Princeton , demonstrates that the counts of political candidates from one second , 70 percent of the outcome of career has given to the government of the career and the Senate of the U.S.
If you make it wrong , it &apos;s bad idea , right ?
Talk about verbal language is not verbal language is to talk about how we shine to other people , like us , and are the consequences .
But we tend to forget the other audience in which it increases our non-verbal language , that we are ourselves .
It includes our non-verbal language , not verbal language , our thoughts and sentiology .
Where language is not verbal language ?
I &apos;m a social psychotic psycho-social psychotic , and I &apos;ve been asleep in a competition of business school , so that it was inevitable that me was inevitable that it was inevitable .
It &apos;s based on all of these non-verbal methodology about power and dominance .
What are the people who are not verbal of power and dominance ?
Well , it &apos;s this .
In the animal kingdom , you have to see with the expansion , and in the animal kingdom , you have to see with the expansion .
So if you go big , if you were going to get big , you &apos;re going to make space , you &apos;re basically going to open space , you &apos;ll soon open space , basically April .
It &apos;s open to April .
And it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and it works like this in the entire animal kingdom , and
There &apos;s not only the prises .
Humans do the same . ( Laughter ) They do so when they have power , and also when they feel powerful in the moment .
This is especially interesting because we &apos;ve shown us the ancient and universal that are these exhibitions of power .
This expression , known as orcopo , was studied by Jessica Trade , and it was been studied by Jessica Gony , which was been studied by Jessica Gony , and he said , &quot; &quot; This expression .
I told you that I told you that the people who are so much conactive , who tells us how much the people who have ever been told since they &apos;re given a physical competition .
So when they &apos;re crossing the goal , and they won &apos;t matter if they have never seen it .
They do so .
The arm goes up , the top quy-axis .
What do we do when we feel helpless ?
We make it right .
We were born . We &apos;ll come .
We are small .
We don &apos;t want to change who &apos;s in our own .
And so much animal as humans do the same .
And this is what happens when it &apos;s going to be able to impower .
What we tend to do when it comes to power is completing language non-verbal language .
So if somebody shows it very powerful with us , we tend to get the little smaller . We don &apos;t .
We make the opposite .
If I see this behavior in class , you notice it ?
In fact , the students from MBA represent all language non-verbal language .
There are many people who are cardling out of the alpha , they go into the middle of the way before they start the class , like if they want to occupy space .
When they sit there , they seem to expand .
( Laughter ) These man .
Then there are other people who go smoothly hackard .
See it in your face and your body , you feel in the chair , and you &apos;re going to go to the chair , and they do so when you go to the hand .
So I look at two things .
A man doesn &apos;t surprise you .
It &apos;s going to have to see with sex .
Women are more likely to make it that men .
Kids have always fewer powerful men to men , so this is not surprising .
But the other thing I noticed is that there &apos;s been a lot to be related to the record of the students and with their participant .
And this is very important in the class of MBA &apos;s class , because it comes to the media media .
The schools of business are going to be fighting with the distinction of treasure .
You see women and men and men are just going to see these differences in the grades , who seem to be attributed in part to participate .
So I started asking myself , if there are people who go with that attitude and participating , and then I started to wonder , if there are people who go with that attitude and participating , and then I started to wonder , if there are people who go to that attitude and participating in that attitude , if there are people who go back to that attitude , if there are people who go back to that attitude , if there are people who go back to that attitude , if there are people who go to
So it &apos;s going to be possible to do that , it would be possible to do that , and that &apos;s going to be possible to do that , and that &apos;s going to be able to do that ?
My collaborator Dan Carney , who is in Berkeley , and I want to know if you can pretend to do it .
( Laughter ) I mean , you can do it just by an intense and experiment experiment in your behavior that makes you feel more powerful ?
We know that language is not verbal language that other people sit and think of us , there &apos;s a lot of tests .
But our question is , we go to the question , not verbal language that we feel and we think of ourselves ?
There are evidence that this is .
For example , we &apos;re lucky when we are happy , but also when we &apos;re going to laugh , they &apos;re going to laugh , they &apos;re going to be able to laugh .
It works in the two directions .
When it comes to power , it &apos;s also working on the two directions .
When we feel powerful , it &apos;s more likely that we do this , but it &apos;s also possible that when we pretend to be powerful , it &apos;s more likely to feel that we really feel powerful .
Well , the second question actually was true , well , well , we know that the mind is our body , but it &apos;s true that the body has changed our mind ?
And when I say mind , in case the powerful thing I &apos;m talking about ?
Because I talk about thoughts and feelings and sentient compounds that make those thoughts and feelings , and in my case , I talk about hormones .
What is the mind of the powerful language compared to the ones that are not ?
The powerful people tend to be , it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s really surprising .
They have the sense of what they &apos;re going to win in .
They also tend to think about a more abstract way .
There &apos;s a lot of difference . It &apos;s more risks .
There &apos;s a lot of difference between the powerful ones and the ones that are not .
It includes also the differences in two key hormones : the Bostera , which is the hormone , the maximum hormone , and the calonol , which is the stress hormone .
The males are very much able to the only power of priorities in the Neanderthals , and that the powerful leaders of priorities , and the powerful leaders and efficient leaders and effective and efficient leaders .
What this means is this ? By talking about power , it used to talk just out of the label , because I had to see with the domination .
But the power has also to see our reactions to stress .
We want a dominant leader , with a lot of power , with long-term levels of tosterum , but sensitive to stress ?
Probably not true ?
We want a person who &apos;s powerful , it &apos;s powerful and dominant but not very sensitive but not as much sensitive to stress , a person who &apos;s reassuring .
We know that in the case of priorities , you have to take control , if you have to take control , if somebody has to take control , if somebody else has to take a look at that piece of paper in the circulation of days , its first days , its normal oysters would be a lot of and the calories of the caltium .
We have that evidence , that the body can modulate the mind , at least the level of trivial , and also the role of it can shape the mind .
So what happens when you think about a piece of paper ? What happens if it makes a minimum level , like this little manipulation or an action ?
I want you to say , &quot; &quot; I want you to do it for two minutes to look like this , and that &apos;s what we did .
We decided to apply people to the lab and make a little experiment , these people adopted , for two minutes , both the possibility of power or depressing , and I &apos;m going to show you just five of these pops , even if they had only two poems .
This is one .
A couple of more , a couple more more , a couple more billion and a couple more plus a couple more billion and a couple more billion , a couple of billion , a couple more billion and a couple more billion and a couple more billion .
The media is called &quot; &quot; Muller &quot; &quot; .
So here we have a couple more .
You can stand up or sitting there .
So here are the possibility of deability .
Now , let &apos;s go back to small .
This is very low power .
When the fisheries have been protected , they really .
This is what happens .
They come back to a jar , and we told them for two minutes , &quot; &quot; you have to do this or . &quot; &quot; They don &apos;t see the photos of the possibilities .
We don &apos;t want inducing a concept of power .
We want you to feel power .
So this two minutes .
So we asked them , &quot; &quot; How powerful do you do ? &quot; &quot; then we asked the chance to put it out , at the end we had another sample .
That &apos;s all . This is all experiment .
This was what we found .
Three to the risk , the bottom line ; we found that when they are at a high power position , they found that when they &apos;re in a high power position , they found that when they are in a high power position , they found that when they are in a high power position , they found that when they are in a high power position , they found that when they are in a high power position , they found that when they are in a high power position , they found that when they are
When they are in the positivity of power , only 60 percent . It &apos;s a very significant distinction .
We saw what we found with tosterone .
Some of his normal situation is normal to get , the powerful people experiments in a 20 percent , and the debilitation experience is a two-dimensional drop of 10 percent .
Again , two minutes , and get these changes .
Now the results of the pisonia .
The most powerful experience is a 25 percent of the decoration , the most debilitation experience of a 15-percent .
Just two minutes , it &apos;s going to make the hormone that conset your brain to make your brain to do it , secure or comfortably , or well susceptible to stress .
We all know that feeling , right ?
It is that our language is not verbal language .
The body can change the mind .
The next question , of course , is — can a world that could be able to be able to live in a significant way ?
This is in the laboratory , this experiment , it &apos;s just two minutes .
Where can you really apply this ?
That &apos;s what you care .
We think that where you need it is in a situation in which you &apos;re going to tell you , as in the very short social media in the world , we think that it &apos;s where you think it &apos;s going to be in the way that you think it &apos;s like in the world .
When you were going to get your friends .
For adolescents are at the table &apos;s table .
For some people is talking about school .
It might be like to make a business or give a talk like this or going to a job interview .
So let &apos;s take a call that the majority of people who identify because many of them had been through it , the interview interview .
So we then put the results on the results , and he said ... well , this is what &apos;s going to do when you go to an interview , right ?
( Laughter ) We were told , and we said , &quot; &quot; No , God , no , no , not what we wanted to say .
For many reasons , don &apos;t let it .
Again , it &apos;s not about the other people .
It &apos;s going to talk to you .
What do you do before go to a job interview ?
You &apos;re sitting there . Look at your iPhone or your Android , you don &apos;t let any outside .
Reading your text messages , you &apos;re going to run away , and you &apos;re going to give you a little , when really you should be doing this , maybe in the middle , right ?
That &apos;s what we want to do , okay ?
We invited people to the laboratory , and they adopted them down the top and down it again , they ran an interview interview , and then they had an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then they had an interview interview , and then they ran an interview interview , and then
Seven minutes of a time . I have recording .
Also the ones are guleling , and the retirement is admitted to not make it verbal food .
So imagine this person &apos;s interview .
For five minutes , nothing , it &apos;s worse than interrupted .
So people hate this .
It &apos;s what Mariannne Law &apos;s calls &quot; &quot; be &quot; &quot; being in the social media .
This is the interview that we add , because we wanted to see what happened .
We have analysts by looking , four in total .
They don &apos;t know the chance . They don &apos;t know the conditions .
They don &apos;t have a sense of what it took every person and to finish in the eyes of the eye , saying , &quot; &quot; We want to hire these people , &quot; &quot; all the possibility of power .
We don &apos;t want to hire any other .
We gave them a much more positive action in general .
It &apos;s not about the speech content .
It &apos;s about the presence of the presence of the speech .
Because we are evaluating all of these variations in the competition : Starbucks ?
Does it be good ? What ratings do you have ?
These things don &apos;t affect . That &apos;s what it affects .
This kind of stuff .
Every person is moving itself , basically .
You do what they are .
They take their ideas , themselves , without any extra .
So this is what caused it or the effect .
When I talk to people about this , that our body will change our mind and the behavior can change our way to be , saying , &quot; &quot; It seems fake . &quot; &quot; Ai yeah ?
I said , &quot; &quot; I mean , it &apos;s going to be the knife .
I &apos;m not so .
I don &apos;t want to get there and feel like a fraud .
I don &apos;t want to feel like a impostor .
I don &apos;t want to get there to feel there to feel there .
This is very important to me , because I want to tell you a little story about being an impostor and how feeling I wasn &apos;t there .
When I was 19 , I was 19 to a car accident .
I came back from it , and I found myself walking down .
I walked away from the car .
I waited for the UCI with a wound in his head . She took me from college , and told me that my CI had had two dures of statue .
I knew my CIY because I had learned as overdotted , and I thought I &apos;d say .
So me went from university and tried to go back .
He said , &quot; &quot; You couldn &apos;t end the career .
You have to accept that there are other things you can do , but in your case , you don &apos;t . &quot; &quot; I had to deal with that , and I have to say that you &apos;re going to take your identity , what you really are , who you really are , who you really have to deal with it , is the thing that you can do to feel .
I felt totally helpless .
So I worked hard and I worked , and I had lucky , and I &apos;ve been lucky enough , and I was lucky , and I was working .
I graduated from college .
I took four years into my partners , and I &apos;m going to try to convince somebody , my legs of the garment , Suse Fiske , so I had to convince someone I wasn &apos;t there .
( Laughter ) The night before the middle of the middle , the middle night in the middle of the middle , and the middle night in the middle of the middle , and the middle night in the middle of the middle , the middle night in the middle of the middle , the middle night in the middle of the middle , and the middle night in the middle of the middle , the middle night in the middle of the middle , and the middle night in the middle of the middle , the middle night
This is .
I had so much fear of the worm excluded of the next day I called it and said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to let it . &quot; &quot; She said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not going to let it , because I put you on it and go .
See , this is what &apos;s going to do .
It &apos;s going to do all the way that you take you .
It just valves to do it , and do it and do it , and even though it &apos;s been used or even a remarkable experience , until you get the moment that the moment you &apos;re told , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s face it . &quot;
I came up here . I &apos;m doing it now . And that &apos;s what I did .
Five years of pregnancial record , a few years ago , you know , in Norwewestern , Muking , I &apos;m now at Harvard , I don &apos;t think never had yet .
The end of my first year in Harvard , a student who hadn &apos;t talked about in the middle class at Harvard , a student who hadn &apos;t talked to the class at the time , and he didn &apos;t know before .
Totally defeated , said , &quot; &quot; I should not be here . &quot;
That &apos;s my moment .
Because it &apos;s going to happen two things .
The first one I realized I &apos;ve realized : I don &apos;t feel like this .
She didn &apos;t feel like this , but she stays there in his place .
The second was , of course , should be there !
So let &apos;s look at it , and we can do it .
So I said , &quot; &quot; Yes , yeah . Yes . Yes . Yes . &quot;
Mao will make it powerful , and you know what — ( Applause ) Vans go to the class , and you know what — ( Applause ) Vans go to class , and you &apos;re going to give me the best speech of everybody . &quot; &quot; And you know ? He said , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t pretend there . ( Laughter ) I saw me a couple of months later , and I tested that I &apos;m not going to pretend but that &apos;s going to transform it , but it &apos;s
So it changed .
Now I want to tell you that there &apos;s no fines to do it .
There are also going to transform it to transform .
We have to do that enough to transform it and internationally .
The last one I &apos;m going to say is this .
Small changes can take the big transformations .
It &apos;s just two minutes .
First of the next decade , where I was going to tell you , for two minutes , try to do this , in two minutes , we try this , at the end of the boom , in the end of the frame of the hair .
This is what you have to do .
The brain is going to get the brain to get the best way out of it .
Subertera .
You don &apos;t let it go away to sit in the way that I didn &apos;t showed you who I showed you are .
It comes out of a sense of feeling that I &apos;m going to say who I &apos;m going to say who they are , they &apos;re flying .
I want to ask you before anything you take away from the power , and I also want to invite you to share the experience , because it &apos;s very simple .
My ego doesn &apos;t depend on this . ( Laughter ) I &apos;ll give you the people , because the best ones can use it , because the best ones can use it are those without the technology , without the position .
So I want it to them because they can do it in private .
They just need their body , privacy and two minutes to change the projections of their life .
Thank you .
( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is the most big problems in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; — probably that &apos;s also a good option .
( Laughter ) But what I &apos;m going to talk about is what &apos;s the great problems in the world ?
And I &apos;m going to say , before I keep going , I would ask every single one of you that you take and paper because I &apos;m going to tell me how we do it .
So it &apos;s hard and paper .
At the end , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;m going to read just some .
800 million people are hungry .
One million people don &apos;t have access to the potential water .
Seven billion without sanitation .
Many people die of HIV and AIDS .
The lists continued .
It &apos;s a billion people who are going to be seriously affected by the climate change of climate change .
We have many , many problems there .
In a ideal world , we would solve everyone , but we don &apos;t .
The truth is that we don &apos;t solve all problems .
And if we didn &apos;t make it , the question I think we should do — and that &apos;s why we are the reason we are at the economy of the economy — that &apos;s why we don &apos;t do all , we really have to ask ourselves , what are we going to solve first ?
That &apos;s the question I &apos;d like to ask you .
If we had to say , 50 billion dollars to spend in the next four years to make this world , what should we spend ?
We are going to be 10 of the most large restraints of the mill , and just the lens , and just the lens of climate , and the climate , and the climate , and the climate change movements , sanitation and poor , malcopes , malcopes , sanitation and water walls and underground .
We think these , in a lot of ways , they &apos;re vulgarids of the world .
And the thing is , the question would be asked to ask , well , what are the highest ?
Why should we start to solve these problems ?
But that &apos;s been wondering about a problem , but it &apos;s been asking us to ask ourselves a problem , but it &apos;s asking us to ask ourselves about a general problem .
In fact , that was the portion of what they talked about Davos in Japan .
But I &apos;m curious about it , there &apos;s a problem if you ask people to care .
Because we can &apos;t solve problems .
It certainly is that the greatest problems we have in the world is we all die .
But we don &apos;t have the technology to solve that , we have ?
So the thing is not to prioritize the problems , but it &apos;s remarkable to prioritize the solutions .
And it would be — naturally , naturally that it makes a little bit more complicated .
For climate change , it would be something like Keya .
For those contexts , they could be clinics or networks for mosquitos .
For the hurdles , they would be the business of the United Nations , and so we could continue .
What I &apos;d like to ask you to do is try to do it , and in 30 seconds — and I know that some way is something possible — you have written what you think are the priorities of priorities .
And also — it &apos;s also , of course , where the economy is going to come back — I think we should not make it first .
What should I be at the end of the list ?
Please , just about 30 seconds , perhaps just about the arrow , and just imagine it should be the main priorities and the lesser of solutions that we have for the greatest problems of the world .
So the surprising thing about this process — of course , I mean , I &apos;m going to I — I &apos;m going to I — I &apos;m going to I — I &apos;m going to I — I &apos;m going to love — I &apos;m going to I know — I &apos;m going to love — I &apos;m going to I know — I would love — I would love — I &apos;m going to say , I &apos;m going to I know — I would love — I &apos;m going to I know — I &apos;m going
And I &apos;d like to dive up , and let me think about this process , and that &apos;s what we did .
And also the enormously enormously , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re also going to have these subjects , then to think , how do we prioritize ?
Since then , there &apos;s a question that if you ask the one , why would you have done a list like this before ?
And one reason is that the prioritization is perfectly stressful .
Nobody wants to do it .
Of course , the organizers would want to be at the top of a list like that .
But also all the organizers stopped to not be at the top .
And since there are many more people not familiar numbers , there &apos;s logical numbers , it &apos;s logical .
60 years ago there &apos;s the United Nations , and I would have found that it has made a basic list of the great things we can do in the world , and said , well , what should we do first ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that we &apos;re not going to be pricing — every decision is a cousin , so that we &apos;re all about it , but it &apos;s not surprising that it &apos;s only implicit — and that &apos;s not surprising that it &apos;s just really good about how if we really did prioritize the prioritization , and we embrace and talked about it .
So what I &apos;m proposing is really saying we had , for a long period of time , a situation in which there are many options .
There are many , many things we can do out there , but we didn &apos;t have the prices , or not the ones .
We had no idea .
Imagine you walk in a restaurant and you have a huge letter , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s like .
You know , you have pizza , but you don &apos;t know how it costs .
It could be a wish , could be 1,000 dollars .
Could it be a familiar pizza , it could be a individual pizza , right ?
We wanted to know these things .
And that &apos;s what it &apos;s trying to do with the Conmares of Copenhagen — it &apos;s about putting the praying of these subjects .
And so basically , this was the process of Trust Coast .
We put 30 of the greatest economists from the world , three of each field .
We had three of the greatest economists from the planet writing about climate change .
What can we do ? What is their cost ? What do the benefit of it ?
The same with chronic diseases .
Do the best experts say , we can do it ?
What is the point ?
What should we do about it , and what would be the outcome ?
And so forth .
So we then take some of the best economists , eight of the greatest economists of the world , including the three of the greatest economists in the world , joined by Copenhagen .
We call it &quot; &quot; dash . &quot; &quot; The prefers of the European Union , &quot; &quot; you know . &quot; &quot; The prefers of the Universe from Cambridge decided to the economy .
It works very well in Europe , but there &apos;s not so much .
And basically what they did was get a prioritized list .
And then you ask you , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to you that question — ( Laughter ) — because it &apos;s a very good question .
The theme is , of course , if you want to know malaria , you ask yourself questions about malaria .
If you want to know about the weather , you ask a climatologist .
But if you want to know what the two must solve first , you can &apos;t ask any of the two , because that &apos;s what they do .
That &apos;s what they do .
Part .
It &apos;s an unpleasant thing to say that we have to do first , and we have to do it first , and we have to do it then .
So this is the list , and this is the list you want to share with you .
Of course , you can also see on the web , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;ll never forget about it as it emerges .
Basthelelelelelelelaborate a list in which they told there were bad projects — basically projects , projects where you invade a , and you &apos;ll get fewer than a result .
They were all the right projects , the good ones and the faces .
And of course , are the very good projects we should start by doing .
So let me start from the last one we could finish up the best projects .
These are the mosquitos .
As you can see at the end of the list is changing climate change .
This offers a lot of people , and that &apos;s probably one of the things that people will tell that shouldn &apos;t go back .
And I &apos;d like to talk about it , because it &apos;s really curious .
Why did it come ?
And the truth , I &apos;ll also try to talk about this because it &apos;s probably one of the things that we &apos;re not predicting with the lens that you &apos;ve written .
The reason that used to say this is that Kyoto — or to do something more than Keya — it &apos;s not a good business , because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It &apos;s not saying that global global warming .
It &apos;s not saying that it &apos;s not a big problem .
But it means what we can do for it is too little , a very high cost .
What we basically showed you , the media , the media , the media models , and that Kyoto , if the whole world has had , it would cost about 150,000 billion dollars a year .
That &apos;s an important amount of money .
Back or three times the global help of the development we put in the Third World War every year .
And to make a little bit uncomfortable .
All models show that you put out the heels of six years into the 2100 .
So a guy in Bangladesh that &apos;s going to kill an inundation in 2100 can wait a 100th .
It &apos;s something , but not very well .
So the idea and say , well , we spend a lot of money doing something .
And just by giving a word , the United Nations estimates that there &apos;s a number of three billion dollars a year , we could solve all the main main problems in the world .
We could make water , sanitation , sanitation , basic care and education all the human beings on the planet .
So why should we ask , do we want to spend a little bit longer ?
Or half of it doing something pretty good ?
And that &apos;s where it turns into a bad project .
It &apos;s not saying that we had all the money in the world , we didn &apos;t want to do it .
Lastly , when we don &apos;t , it &apos;s just not the first prise .
The right projects — I &apos;m not going to comment on it — but I &apos;m not going to comment on it — but I don &apos;t try to comment on it , but it &apos;s really just because , because it &apos;s a bit , just because , it &apos;s a little bit , because it turns out , it &apos;s a big thing .
I would make a lot of fun , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also , but it also
Again , and suddenly we started thinking about two sides of the equation .
If we look at the great projects , they showed a lot of projects from sanitation .
Again , sanitation and water is an important thing , but it costs a lot of infrastructure .
So I &apos;m going to show you the four of the priorities of the priorities that should be , when fewer , the first to solve when we talk about how we should solve the problems of the world .
The greatest record is malaria — to treat malaria .
The incision of malaria is about a couple of millions of people infected each year .
It could even cost a copyright point of GDP in the middle of the year alone .
If we put a 1313 billion dollars in the next four years , we could reduce the incision of half .
We could avoid death by 50,000 people , but the most important thing is , we could prevent that one billion people infected every year .
We would create significant amounts to their ability to address many of the other problems that have to deal with . &quot; &quot; Again , in the long run , also the global global global warming .
The third one is free .
Bastically , the model has shown that if we were able to detect the lithium , and especially by taking the help of the USA and Europe , we could basically elevate the global economy into the middle of the year , half of the calories of the World Third World .
Once again , we could actually make 200 or 300 million people from poverty , radically , very fast , between two and five years .
That would be the third one thing we could do .
The second thing was to be focused on malnutrition .
Not malnutrition in general , some very economic way to treat malnutrition , is to say , the lack of microns .
Bastically , half of the world &apos;s population has been failing , zinc and vitamin A.
If we invest 11,000 billion dollars , we could make a deep dive into that problem .
This would be the second predictor we could do .
And the best project would be caused by HIV / AIDS .
Bastically , if we put 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we could prevent 28 billion of the new cases of HIV / AIDS .
Again , what this makes , and what if it &apos;s a hundred different shapes like treating HIV / AIDS .
One is the treatment , and the other is predictive .
Again , in a ideal world , we would make the two .
But in a world where we don &apos;t make any of the two or where we don &apos;t make it very well , we should be , when fewer than we should invest first .
And the treatment is a lot , much more expensive than prevent .
So in the last one , in which this focus is to say that we can do much more investing in the prevent .
Bastically to the amount of money we spend . We can do it well by treatment , and 10 times more in prevent .
So once we have more , we have prioritized focus more than in treatment , as a first option .
What this makes us do is really make us think of our priorities .
And I &apos;d like you to look at your list of raw materials and say , okay ?
Or would you get something like what we did here ?
Well , curious about it , one of the things is again to change climate change .
It &apos;s a lot of people who think it &apos;s very , but it &apos;s very little likely to do that .
We should make climate change climate change , if there &apos;s no other reason , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we don &apos;t solve all the tests .
We have many problems in the world .
And what I want to make sure is that if we focus on problems , we &apos;re focusing on the most right .
So we can do a lot more well .
And I think , the truth — Thomas Schellling , one of the participants of the nate , the explained very , very well .
One of the things that people are naked , and that in 100 years , when we &apos;re talking about most of the impacts of climate change , people will be a lot more , much richer .
Even the stakes of impacts the most fishermen of the United Nations population has more pessimistic .
They estimated that a media person in the developing world is not as rich as we are today .
And much more likely to be more likely to be the most rich than we are .
And of course , we will be even more rich than that .
But the thing is , when we talk about saving people , people are helping people in Bangladesh in 2100 , we &apos;re not talking about a poor Bangladose .
We &apos;re talking from a very rich Dutch lady .
And so the real theme , of course , is , we want to spend a lot of money trying to spend a little bit about a little bit , about 100 years ago , a hundred years ago .
If we want to help the poor people , or we want to help the poor people , they want to help the poor people , these things , in Bangladesh , who needs to really help us ?
Or like Schhelling Schhelling , imagine that the rich foolling — the way will happen — a rich campaign , a rich campaign , a 160th century , a 30th of the 2100 analyses in 2005 and saying it was so little to help me to help my grandmother and my great-grandmother , who could really have helped to help me , and my great-grandmother , who could really have helped , and that would need much more ?
Even if I don &apos;t agree with the typical of seeing this problem .
Of course , it &apos;s fundamentally because climate change has a lot of good photos .
You know , you know , &quot; &quot; He &apos;s &quot; &quot; — it seems great , right ?
It &apos;s a good movie in the sense that I want to see it , right , but I don &apos;t think , but I don &apos;t think , but I don &apos;t think , but I don &apos;t think , but I don &apos;t think , but I don &apos;t think it &apos;s going to be a movie .
So in many ways , I think , I think , I think , of Copenhabelieve and the whole discussion about priorities is a defensive problem in the early age .
So we realized that it &apos;s not just to make us feel well , but not just to make us feel good enough to make us feel good , but not just to make us feel good enough to make us feel good , but not just to make us feel good enough to make us feel good .
It &apos;s not going to do the things that have the greatest breakthroughs are , but it &apos;s also going to be going to do places where we can actually make a better way .
The other objections , I think , who are really important , is that there &apos;s some manure , or we &apos;re doing some fake electrotion .
Of course we have to do it all , in a ideal world — it would be completely accurate .
I think we should do all things , but we don &apos;t .
In 1970 , the developed world decided that we were going to spend the donors of what we did , right now , that in 1970 the developing world .
As our aid workers go to half .
It doesn &apos;t seem like we are in the way to solve all the big problems .
In the same way , people also said , but there &apos;s the war of Iraq ?
You know , we spend 100 billion dotters . Why don &apos;t we spend that way in the world .
I &apos;m totally sure .
If one of you can talk to Bush so that it &apos;s okay .
But of course the subject was saying , if you had some other 100 billion dollars , you would have expected to have a much better way of the best way , right ?
So the real problem , it &apos;s going to start again and think , are the right priorities .
Should I mention simply , is this really right list ?
You know , when I ask you questions about the best economists of the world , it &apos;s not just going to be the white men and old victims of the United States , and the United States is the United States .
And they &apos;re not necessarily necessarily a great way to look at the world .
So we injected 80 young people around the world to solve the same problem .
The only two requirements were that they were studying in college , and they speak English .
Most of them were first , first of landscapes in development .
They had the same material , but they could even get away from the subject of the discussion of the discussion , how they did it , to put their own liders .
And the surprising thing was that the list was very similar — with malnutrition and illness in the lowest and climate change .
We have done this many other times .
There &apos;s a lot of other people and university students and students and different things .
They all had as a result of the same list .
And that from a big hope , really , to say that I think there &apos;s a way that I think there &apos;s a way to start thinking about our priorities , and saying , what &apos;s the most important of the world ?
Natural , in a ideal world , would actually be able to do it all .
But if we don &apos;t do it all , we can start thinking where we start ?
I can see Copenhabelieve as a process .
We &apos;ve done in 2004 , and we hope to take a lot more people , to get much better information in 2008 , 2012 .
Under the way that the world &apos;s right to the world , but also to think about it in politics .
To start thinking , &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t do the things we can win in a little cost , and we don &apos;t know how to do it , but we don &apos;t know how to do it , but we have to be honest with the discussion of how we can really prioritize , but we have to be honest with the discussion of how we can really prioritize , but we have to be honest and chicken to say , if there are some things we do , we have others that we don
If we care a lot about some things , we end up don &apos;t care about others .
So I hope that this will help us make the priorities better , and think how we work better for the world .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I stood out of the house without keys .
It just was going to go home to visit a friend on the other side of the city , because that temperature coises the two scales .
And I was in the stationary , searching for the pedestrian and I realized that I didn &apos;t have the keys .
In fact , I could see them in the window of the comedian table , where it lets us .
But they were all shot .
I couldn &apos;t walk the night in my friend &apos;s house because the morning soon had a flight , and he needs to take the dogs and the suitcase .
So desperate and dying of Columbus went to a wallet of walk and eathon on the window .
I was going to cost a lot of money , but I don &apos;t have a little more money in the middle of the night .
Well , let &apos;s start thinking about neuroscience .
It dominates calisonia , which elevates the spinal cord rate of adrenaline the lanes of adrenaline the lanes of adrenaline .
So the next morning when I went to the next morning when I raised a little bit , I worried about the fixing and the committee that I had in Europe in Europe had the red mind and the committee that I had in Europe had the red mind in the West .
And until it comes out of the airport , I didn &apos;t realize that I forgot to forget .
So I go back quickly to the house , with snow and ice , in 40 minutes , I come back to the airport , and I come back to time , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my seat to another person , but I gave my sense to another person , but I gave my
Or , in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things , but in the case they pay things like bad things
And Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me , and Danny told me to me and Danny told me and Danny told me and Danny told
It was something that took from the medical sight of Gay Klem that written about this a couple of years ago , and that &apos;s also called a morally .
There &apos;s a team of experts that try to determine what happened , right ?
Because in the return of the morphonny , how explained Danny Danny , and then try to determine what you can do to do to make it better .
What I want to talk to you about today is what we can do to do today is what we can do about what we can do about what we can do .
Some things are evidenced , other people not so much .
I &apos;m going to start by the evidence .
Disigning places throughout the house for the things that are lost easily .
Well , this seems like common sense , and it &apos;s this way of common sense , and it &apos;s this way of common sense .
There &apos;s a structure of the brain , called the hippocampus that evolved for hundreds of thousands of years to remember the pinpoint of things , where it &apos;s the pigeons , where you live , where you live , where the tribes are altered , where they live , where they live .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain in the brain of the brain .
It &apos;s a part of the brain of the brain brain is the part of the brain of the brain .
In fact , there &apos;s somebody who has made the experiment to cut it into the sense of the skilled of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skies of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skirts of the skies of the skirts of the skies of
But it works well with things that don &apos;t move too much , not with things that move .
So there &apos;s one thing that we &apos;re called to the keys .
To meet sports , a specific experiment , the geeks of reading , in a specific table .
If you put a place , and if you go to a place , and if you look at the things that are happening in its place when you look at it .
And when we travel ? It &apos;s a picture with the lane , and when we travel ?
It &apos;s going to be the shot with the photo underground .
These look things like .
I remember when we are low stressed , the brain emits , the brain emits .
It &apos;s beautiful and naked the mind .
You know , you know , you know , you &apos;re not going to be able to recognize that there &apos;s not going to be able to recognize that there should be a system to recognize that there should be a system , and we should be able to establish some system .
( Laughter ) But when you go to a medical decision that when you walk into a medical decision that when you walk into a medical decision that when you walk into a medical decision .
We will all be at any moment in a situation in a situation in a situation in a situation where we are in a situation .
And I want to talk about it .
or any decision we have to do that or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision we have to do to do that , or any decision
Suppose you go to the doctor , and this says , &quot; &quot; I have the results of evidence , and it has the colory a little bit high . &quot;
You know , you know that the high seas are high high , you know that the high seas .
And I think I think it &apos;s going to think that it &apos;s not very good . And the doctor says , &quot; &quot; I want to prescribe a drug for you , and you know what &apos;s one of the medicines , &quot; &quot; I want to prescribe a drug that is likely to know them . &quot;
We should borrow a statistic statistic by what should you send to a statistic statistic by should you send a statistic statistic by Iran ?
It &apos;s the number of need to deal with it . What is NT ?
It &apos;s number of people who have to take that drug before we help a person .
What do you think of statistics is that ?
The number should be one . My doctor didn &apos;t recit something that doesn &apos;t help me .
But medicine doesn &apos;t work like this .
We don &apos;t know the underlying mechanisms .
Paxose Kose estimates that 90 percent of the medicines work between a 30 percent and 50 percent of the cases .
So NNT in the case of the statue is the most pristine you think is ?
How many people have to help somebody ?
This is the results of the results of the results .
I actually ate data .
( Laughter ) And you think you &apos;ll think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think you &apos;ll take you to you and you think
In the case of this drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug drug medicine , in the case of this drug drug drug medicine , in the case of
And they connect things out .
You have 15 times more possibilities than the drug cares , and you have 15 times more positive than the drug cares .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m not saying , if you should take it or not you have it or not you should have it or not you have it or not you should have it or not you have it or not you should have it .
But you should probably have this conversation with your voice .
You &apos;ll have to have access to this information to be able to talk to this information to be able to talk to this information to be able to talk to this information for power to talk to this information to have to talk to this information so we can talk about this information to be able to talk to this information to be able to talk to this information for power to talk to this information to have to talk to this information so we can talk about this information to be able to talk to this information
I &apos;m talking about this number , which I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT reality , which I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT reality , which I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT reality , which I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT reality that I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT reality that I talk about this number to surprise , but actually NNT
At the age of cancer , the detection of prostate cancer is 49 .
Yes , we have to make 49 powers per person who are expected .
And the side effects in this case goes back into 50 percent of the patients .
It relates to helpless , disfunction , disfunction .
So the idea of the morrow is that the conversion idea .
The ideal is not having to create all this at the moment .
We also have to think about subjects as the quality of life .
They are things that we have to think about now and talk about family and being loved .
Remember : below stress the brain emits , and one of the things that happens in that moment is that if you pay a lot of systems .
So evolution gives it to it .
Because if the body invitation is metabolism , because if the body has increased metabolism on these things and we don &apos;t just react quickly quickly , we don &apos;t just react rapidly , quickly , because if the body has increased metabolism on these things and we don &apos;t just react quickly quickly , we don &apos;t just respond quickly , quickly , because if the body has increased metabolism on these things and we don &apos;t just react quickly quickly , we don &apos;t just hope quickly quickly
Recently , one of the things that looked like like demonstrating Danny Kashnahmian and his colleagues .
So we need training to think antibiography in this kind of situation .
I think the most important thing is to recognize that we all have struggled .
We &apos;re going wrong .
So the idea is that it &apos;s really surprising to think that it can be these responses , establishment systems that can minimize the damage or just avoiding those things .
I go back to that night with the snow in Monreal , and when I came back from the key to the door of the house in the house and an easy code to remember .
It &apos;s not entirely organized by organized it .
That day .
Are you angry ?
Anybody ? No . Well , nothing about it .
The letter , please ?
( Laughter ) I would like to look strapped .
&quot; &quot; Come on , you see , you see the shirt .
It seemed like I was going to talk to me , because I was going to talk to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , because I was going to have been talking to me , and I
It &apos;s just a word for a word that &apos;s going to be a word for you .
How can they talk like this ?
I started thinking .
I was a lot of .
How do we get here ?
Right now , right now , right now , right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now right now
Most of all , all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , but all of it , all
( Laughter ) It &apos;s not a language that we use or we work in the work . It &apos;s not a language that we use to work . It &apos;s not a language that we use to work . It &apos;s not a language that we use .
But we have another important reality , but we &apos;ve got another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have another really important reality , but we have
There are studies that people who have to dominate other languages , and there are research that people who are going to dominate other languages , and there are research that people who are going to dominate other languages , and there are research that people who are going to dominate other languages , and there are research that people who are going to dominate other languages , and there are research that people who are going to dominate other languages , and there are research that they say to dominate other
When he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when
All of their ideas , their imagination , their imagination , and with the ideas .
And when he started writing English in English , he started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , he started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , he went to writing English in English , and when he started writing in English , he went to writing English in English , and when he started writing in English , he went to writing English in English , and when he started writing in English , he went to writing English , and when he started
When we read their writements in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writements in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writements in English , when we read their writings in English , when we read their writements in English , when we read their writements in English ,
We can feel that it &apos;s the same person the same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person who &apos;s the same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person who &apos;s the same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person who &apos;s the same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person who &apos;s the same person &apos;s same person &apos;s same person &apos;s
Secondly , it &apos;s going to kill his language .
This fact is the fact that it &apos;s going to be the future as well as societies .
The German , the French , the French , the CMUs , the Japanese , the Japanese , the CMUs , the CMUs , the CMUs , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French , the French .
( Laughter ) But we &apos;d like to take that thought , and we &apos;d like to get that advanced thinking , but we &apos;d like to get to that world , but we would like to achieve that world , and we would like to get that thought , but we &apos;d like to make that world , and we would like to get that thought , but we would like to achieve that world , and we would like to achieve that world , and we would like to achieve that world , and we would like
So I was going to make a gold , and then I was going to get tired of their language to achieve that world , as Turkey , and as I was going to get tired of them to their language at the time that they had received , they were protected as a treasure .
He had to go to his school .
Because if we take any product , we know it &apos;s not a place product .
Nobody thought it was a place .
They &apos;re going to be consumers , consumers , ignorant , and they &apos;re going to be consumers .
There are specific sentiments that are specific sentimental sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s specific sentiment , there &apos;s
language is not one , two or three words or three words in line .
or if a child would be like a child , or if a child would arrive and said , &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; &#93; if you look at English , or if a child would arrive and says , &quot; &quot; Dad English . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter )
What would you feel like ?
If you don &apos;t get any problem , it &apos;s better that stop and let &apos;s talk about it .
What I want to say is that these execute is a particular reminder .
I have a friend who talks about the wrong hand that I fell with .
Once I asked him all the way .
And he said , &quot; &quot; All right , but one time I know the night , trying to translate it on translation .
We have to tell that it &apos;s not who to tell her husband , and it &apos;s normal that he doesn &apos;t understand ; his way of thinking is different .
She said , &quot; &quot; He &apos;s going to me , &quot; &quot; and one night , I tried translated on to me , and a night , tried translation to I could feel what I feel when I &apos;m listening to the Faistiz . &quot; &quot; The dust rose and translated it to this : ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) And there &apos;s this thing that comes to the lion : ( Laughter )
( Applause ) Well , what did we do to protect the Arab language ?
We need to take responsibility to civil society , but we need to involve civil society .
But still many people said , &quot; &quot; Why do you care ?
Have you ever forget about it , and it &apos;s okay . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; No , there &apos;s a problem . &quot;
In the camps to preserve the Arab Arab 19th century .
We don &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; No ! We won &apos;t accept this or another ! &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t use that style because they don &apos;t understand it .
And when somebody talks like this , we hate the Arab .
( Applause ) We are working ... ( Applause ) We want to change our reality , and be convinced of a way that reflects our dreams , aspirations and day day .
It &apos;s a way that you view and think about it .
After that , we brought photos of young people and backgrounds with chronic characters .
It &apos;s about the backup of the house and cookies .
We are so angry .
And whatever I say , &quot; &quot; Eh , you use a word in English ! &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; No ! I adopted the word &quot; &quot; button ! &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; No ! I adopted the word &quot; &quot; button !
I drew to follow the Internet .
or what they think they have authority over us , or what they think they have authority over us , where the language is , or what they think they have authority over us , where the language is , or what they think they have authority over us , where the language , or what they think they have authority over us , where the language , or what they are doing is that they have authority over us , where the language is , or what they think they have authority over us , where the language
The creativity in language is the way .
So let &apos;s start from right now .
A brand new brand could do it again .
It could take the Arab self again .
But we have to know it , and be convinced that there &apos;s a solution , and we have the front of it , and we have to be part of it .
In short , what can we do from right now ?
We saw — tuitors , who &apos;s tutoring ?
Please , I had a little bit , even though my time had been used , and please , I think , as my time , as a result , I think , as a result , I think , as a result , I think it &apos;s been a little bit , so please , I think , as my time , as a result , I think , as a result , I think it &apos;s been a little bit , so please , I think , as my time , as a result , I think
But they don &apos;t write in Arabic characters with numbers .
( Applause ) ( Music ) ( Applause ) It &apos;s a disk ! &quot;
They were going forward in a virtual world world .
And it &apos;s not given back to that world and discovery .
Now I &apos;m going to tell you a secret .
Kids are first to their father &apos;s first to their father .
So when I was born in my daughter , I said , &quot; &quot; This is going to vote , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; This is going to work , &quot; &quot; — &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s going to work . &quot;
What &apos;s going on in the mind of baby ?
If we asked this about 30 years , most of the people , psychopaths , psychopaths , would say that this baby is irrational , logical , logical , everge ... ( Laughter ) I wouldn &apos;t have to tell somebody else &apos;s perspective or doesn &apos;t understand a process of causing .
In the last 20 years , science science has changed this theory .
In a way , we believe that the thought of this baby is like the most remarkable thought of scientists .
I &apos;ll give you an example of this .
One thing that might be thinking this baby was thinking this baby , that it could be going to be going through its head , it &apos;s dealing with it that it &apos;s happening in the mind of another baby .
So finally , one of the most difficult things to all of us is to try to disgust what other people think and feel like .
And maybe the most difficult thing is to understand that what other people think and feel it &apos;s not the same as what we think and feel .
anybody who &apos;s so much about politics can say the hard thing that &apos;s going on to some people .
We want to know if babies and children are small could understand this very complex idea about other people .
The question is : how can we ask you ?
Kids don &apos;t talk about it , and if we ask a three- to three years that tells us , we will only be able to make a sense of thinking about whether or not we will , we will be able to make a sense of thinking about whether or not we can only be able to think about it , but if we &apos;re asking a couple of years .
How can we then ask you ?
It turns out that the secret was the wighion .
Billy Rabsted , one of my students , and the more me , we gave them the two plains with food , one with the skilled and the other beautiful weirghts .
Every baby , even in Berkeley , like the Bkeley , you like the gallon and you don &apos;t like the browser .
( Laughter ) And then what I was doing was to test food for two squared food .
And I would like I liked it or not what he was .
Half of the time , I would like you to like the halls , and I didn &apos;t like it — like any baby or normal person .
But the other half , he grabbed a little bit of popcoli and said , &quot; &quot; Monmm .
I called the bremi . Mmmm . &quot; &quot; And then you took a gallery , and he said , &quot; &quot; Am , you can .
I &apos;ve called the camels . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; You , you know , it &apos;s like I &apos;d like to have the other person who would like to love the babies .
We did this with babies from 15 and 18 months .
And then Besey expressed his hand and said , &quot; Don me a little bit ? &quot;
The question was : I would give babies the babies who liked them or she ?
The very surprising thing was that the sixth of the 18-month babies were going to start to walk and talk , until they &apos;re going to start to walk and talk , and then we would like the browser .
On the other hand , the age of 15 months was going to look like it seemed like I &apos;d like to have the wighion , but if you couldn &apos;t understand it .
And then to look at it for a long mouse , we &apos;re going to get rid of it , what they thought would all the world .
So there &apos;s two data data revealed this .
So one thing is that the age of 18 months have already found this important act of human nature : that we don &apos;t all want .
It &apos;s more , understood that it &apos;s going to help to help other people to help other people .
And more interesting to me , is that babies from 15 months don &apos;t do this ; which suggests that the age of 183 months learned this profound act of being killed in three months .
So babies know more and learn more than we think about it .
And this is just one of the hundreds of studies that went in the last 20 years demonstrating this .
What if you can ask now , why kids learn so much ?
And how is it possible that learning as a little while ?
I mean , the first babies , babies seem quite innate .
And in a lot of occasions , they &apos;re worse that inmates , because we have to use a lot of time and energy just to keep them alive .
If we reheal the evolution to look at this mystery of why we lost so much of that we lost so much of our health as well , it turns out that there &apos;s an answer that &apos;s an answer that we lost so much of our health .
If we look at various species , not just other priorities like us , not just other priorities like us , but also other mammos like us , birds , even oxymestone like the candy or the relative size and the intelligence of the species .
One example of this captain this stuff you can see here .
On a band , we have the correlation of New Calea .
The corners and other corrical parties , cave , pedestrian , cheaply , are very smart .
In the right senses are just as smart as the chimpanzees .
And this is a papergarden that has learned how to use tools to get food .
On the other hand , we have our domestic duties .
The Greeks like the ducks , like the ducks and geeks , are just like stones .
It &apos;s very good bite , but it &apos;s not very good to do anything else .
It turns out that the babies of New Caldra , the pivotes , the pivotes , the pits .
They depend on that , depends on that , depends on that , depends on that wall , the two years of life , which is a lot of time in the short life life .
Again , the Greeks are adults in a couple of months .
For so much , childhood is the reason that the cornas in the execution of scientific reviewers that the glimmers of the nucleus of the soup .
There &apos;s something in the long eight-long childhood that seems to be related to knowledge and learning .
What would we explain to this ?
Some animals , like the Greeks , they seem to create a very good thing .
So the Greeks are very good bite in a particular environment .
Other creatures , like the corners , are not particularly good to doing this particular , but they &apos;re very good to learn the norms differently .
And of course , we humans are very far in that distribute .
We have larger brains with our bodies , much more than any other animal .
More smarter , more flexible , we can learn more , we can survive many more inorn here : we have emit all the planet and even face space .
And our babies and children depend on us for much longer than the babies of other species .
My son is 23 .
( Laughter ) At least 23 , we followed them those verbs in their open mouths .
All right , why do we look at this string ?
One idea is that the strategy of this strategy , the strategy of learning , is a very powerful way of adversity in this world , but it &apos;s got a huge outcome of adversity .
So it turns out that it turns out that it turns out , it turns out that it &apos;s unpredictive .
I wouldn &apos;t be good enough that you &apos;re going to be a mill and be thinking , &quot; &quot; Would I put a ticket or a lanb ? &quot;
It would be better to know all the odds before they &apos;re going to kill us .
And the way we evolved this problem was , it seems like this problem , is it seems like a job .
So we have this long time in what we &apos;re totally protected .
We don &apos;t have to do anything . It &apos;s just to learn .
And then , of adults , we can take that that we &apos;ve learned from babies and children and put it in practical ways to get around the world .
One way of thinking about this is that babies and kids are like the Investication Department and the little sound of human species .
They are the people protected , the ones that they only have to go to , learn and have good ideas , and we are the production and commercialization .
We have to take all of these ideas that we learn from children and put them in practical .
Another way of seeing it is , instead of thinking about the babies and the kids as incomplete , thinking about them as being in a different development state , like the cassettes and the pelets . But the babies would be the buttock that rubber up to the garden exploitation , and we would be the victims of the air .
If this is true , if babies are designed to learn , and this story of evolution showing us that the kids are going to learn , we can hope it &apos;s a kind of learning mechanisms .
And in fact , the brain of a child seems to be the most powerful part of the planet .
But the real computers are actually improving a lot .
There &apos;s going to be a revolution in our way to understand the learning machines .
And the whole cause of the ideas of this man , the reversing Thomas Bynes , a statistic and a 18th-century mathematician .
Bastically , Bayes has provided a mathematical decline that employed the theory that used the theory of probability and describe the way scientists discovered things about the world .
What scientists are doing is to grow a hypothesis , something we can start .
Then it &apos;s going to be that chance that chance .
The evidence is going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the prediction , but the
I think I &apos;m going to come back with new tests , and then I &apos;ll come back to this .
What mayors showed was a mathematical decline that could do that .
And math is the basis of the best programs of learning that we have today .
Seven years ago , I found that babies must be doing the same .
If we want to know what &apos;s going on under this beautiful eight-year-old little moon , I think it &apos;s something very much like that .
At the MIT notes , I found myself in the grades of revertifying Bynes .
I think babies are doing very complicated calculations with unconditional probabilities that look like and so discover how the world works .
Well , this is even more peaceful than demonstrating .
If you ask the adult brain on statistics , you can feel pretty stupid .
How is the kids doing statistics ?
To test this , we use a machine that we gave you to call the DMT .
It &apos;s a box that turns out , and it sounds like this , and it sounds like this .
So by using this very simple machine , in my lab , and also in other , if you &apos;ve done research reports about the good ones that are the kids learning about the world .
We &apos;ve shown just one we did with Tuar Kushner , one of my students .
If you show you this detector probably probably start by thinking that way of activating it is to put it on a block .
But the case is that detection works in a way .
If you go to a block that &apos;s going on the detector , something in which we don &apos;t think about a beginning , the detector are going to be part , the detection of two times .
As we put the blog on the block , what would it be , what would it be , just if you take two of every six times .
So the chances are less likely to have more evidence .
It looks like the strategy of opening the object is more effective than the other .
So let &apos;s explain these data to the four-year , and we gave them to try .
And with security , the kids of four years employed the data and open the object on the detector .
There &apos;s two interesting data data in this fact .
The first one , remember that two years ago , I was about four years old , and the first one , I remember who are about four years old , and the first one , who are about four years ago , who are about four years ago .
They are learning to count .
But it &apos;s unconsciously doing complex calculations , but it seems unconsciously , but unconsciously they are actually making complex calculations .
The second insight is that they are using the evidence to get a sense , a hypothesis about the world , which seems like a little bit untested .
In studies that we do in the lab , other species , we &apos;ve shown that these kids of four years are better than the adults , given the same task .
In these circumstance , the kids are doing statistics to see things about the world , but scientists scientists are trying to see if kids were born too .
It &apos;s what we often call &quot; &quot; metapmic &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; play . &quot; &quot; There &apos;s been many early studies that showed that these games are like a kind of experimental research program .
We show one of the Cribine &apos;s lab .
It used to employers or new Detters .
He showed the kids that were going to work and the verbs don &apos;t , and the verbs don &apos;t , to show them an anomaly .
What we &apos;re going to see now is this little boy by five hypotheses in two minutes of time .
Child : So what ?
Child : Igual that on the other hand .
Already : Well , the first hypothesis emerges .
( Laughter ) NN : No . ( Laughter ) Nineteen : This turns out , but this is not .
Already : It starts to describe experimentation .
Child : Why does this mean ?
( Laughter ) NN : No .
Already , scientists are going to recognize that face of desperation .
( Laughter ) NN : Oh , it &apos;s because this has to be like this , and this has to be that .
Already : Lassa , hypothesis 2 .
Child : So it has to be .
Child : Oh ... can &apos;t be .
( Laughter ) Already : Now come the next idea .
He asked the researcher who will try to put it on the other .
I just worked .
Child : Oh , it &apos;s because light only goes up here , right here .
He said this box is electricity , but this has no .
Already : Well , that would be the prediction .
Child : Now yeah .
If you add four blocks .
If you have four blocks in this case , it turns out , and two to the next one .
Already : Well , that &apos;s the farm .
This child is — it &apos;s a little boy , a little boy and tucked , but Christine found that it &apos;s a very typical child .
If you look at how kids play the kids , if you &apos;re asking you something , what do you do is to experiment .
I was typical of the age of 4 .
Well , what do you feel like this type of creature ?
What do you feel like being one of these boxes that can test five hypotheses in two minutes ?
If we come back to the theory of psychologists and philosophers , a lot of the babies and the children are just conscious , or even if they &apos;re not in the absolute .
But I think it &apos;s the opposite .
I think babies and children are smarter than adults .
This is what we know about how to work .
Acscience and attention of an adult will take a focus .
What happens in the adults is that when we decide something important is important or relevant , we gave attention .
The awareness of what we &apos;re looking at is restraints and intense , mentally that the rest of the next one .
We also know how this happens in the brain .
When we put attention to something , the frontal age of the brain , the part of the brain , the part of the brain that makes a small part of the brain that makes a small part of the brain that makes a small part of the brain is flexibility .
We have this very centralized attention , guided by purpose .
If we look at babies and children , we see something very different .
I think babies and kids seem to have a much larger science in a way .
Two babies and children were too limiting to their attention .
But to give you a lot of information in account of a lot of time .
And if you look at your brains , what you see is that the neurootrots are coming out of neurotransmissions that we induced the learning and the plasticity , and the typed still doesn &apos;t lead .
So when we say that babies and kids have problems to pay attention , what really means is that it costs people to pay attention .
They were going to get away from the interesting things that could say something like it &apos;s important .
That &apos;s the type of attention , the kind of awareness that we have to expect from those lines that are designed to learn .
If we want to think about a way to feel that kind of child science as adults as adults , I think the best way is to think about cases where we are at a new situation we haven &apos;t been never before ; every time we &apos;re giving a city for first time .
In those cases of consciousness , it &apos;s not counterintuitive , but it turns out that it turns out that in three days in Paris , there &apos;s more connectivity and experience that every single months in the house , walking , talking to the clombis .
For instance , that coffee , that magnificent coffee that we take below , actually imposed the effect of the neurotransmitters .
So how is it a baby ?
It &apos;s like being a girlfriend in Paris , for the first time , after taking three exathers .
( Laughter ) A wonderful feeling of wonderful , but you would expect to cry at 3 in the morning . ( Laughter )
But it &apos;s okay .
I don &apos;t mean to say too much about the magnificent ones .
It &apos;s okay .
We can do things like atheists or crossing the street .
And it has sense that we put a lot of effort to do that babies .
But if what we want is to be like these tapes , having the mind open , being open , being open to learning , imagination , imagination , even if we have to make adults look a little bit like the kids .
( Applause )
These are simple objects : relocks , keys , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens ,
They are the things that victims of the genocide are in Bosnia in Bosnia are the things that victims of the genocide are in Bosnia .
We are all used to these diseases and coastal objects , and so we are all made up of these objects , and so we are all made up of these objects and coastal objects , and we are all made of these different objects , and so we are all made up of these objects , and so we are all made up of these objects and coastal objects , and so we are all made up of these different objects , and so we are all made up of these materials
And the fact that some victims took a lot of personal objects like paste or PTSD is a signal that had no idea of what he was listening to .
They were told they would be interchanged to have been changed to have been changed .
So these objects recovered from numerous foolings from my land , and mentoring , we &apos;re talking about , the magnets exits bodies of new fossiiles that are found 20 years after war .
And they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs in the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs in the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs in the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs of the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs of the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs of the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthroughs of the world , and they are perhaps the greatest breakthrough
Over the four years of the course of the conflict that unlined from the 90 percent of the 90 , some 300,000 citizens , including the majority of the most occupiers , the majority of the world , disappeared , even ashamed and other 10,000 years ago in combat .
The most amazing days of war , well in the early days of war , or well face the end of the conflict , they were living in hands of the sermon army .
The international penetroal court dictionary is afflicted against humanized humanity and genocide .
Anonymous is the systematic destruction of a ethnic and deliberate a bunch of ethnic , political and racial and races of a ethnic , political and racial and racial group .
The genocide is so much the maximum at the maximity .
As the destruction of the proximity , as the destruction of the provalence , like the destruction of the provalence of the cultural heritage , as the destruction of the proximity , of cultural heritage , and basically any signal of any sign of its existence in its existence , as the destruction of the proximity , of cultural heritage , and basically any sign of its existence of its existence , like the destruction of the proximity , of cultural heritage , and basically any sign
The genocide is not just the maximum ; it &apos;s denial of identity .
There are always clues , there &apos;s no perfect crime .
They have always been repaired of the painter of the painter of their fragile fragile , or that our selection and debitionally .
( Applause ) So this is a very bad thing about a lot of common focus , and the objective of collections is a unique process of identity in Europe since the Holocaust in Europe since the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holo
No body should break without finding or identities without identities or without identities .
Once they rerecovered these objects that victims were used to take place to their execution execution , illiterate catastrophes and alorationally , if they analyzed these objects that victims would take them into their performance .
Millions of plastic in plastic bags like the ones you see in CSR .
It &apos;s been treated as tools as tools in the visual identification of victims of war , but also as valuable evidence in the war of war .
Sometimes it &apos;s called the supervities to identify themselves , but the visual recognition is a difficult process , most effective and painful process of painful and painful and painful and painful and painful and painful and painful process is a difficult process , most effective and painful process of painful and painful and painful and painful and painful and painful process is a difficult process , most effective and painful process , and painful and painful and painful .
Once we formed , doctors and nurses with them are going to be ordered the narrative of the narrative of the narrative of the narrative and the narrative that we have , and it &apos;s been orchessly as the narrative of the narrative of the narrative , and it &apos;s a place that formed , doctors , doctors , nurses with their own narrative .
Most of it , even though they don &apos;t create or just an app , it &apos;s just outside the view of view and the mind of the mind of mind , and the mind of the mind , and the mind of the mind , and the mind of the mind , and the mind of the mind , and the mind of the mind is , there &apos;s a way that &apos;s going out of view of the view of the mind and the mind of mind , and the mind of the mind , and the
A few years ago , I decided I decided to photograph every single thing to create a simple visual archer that the supervities were celebrated without a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual archive to create a visual arch
It seems to promote sensitive awareness to promote sensitive awareness , providing awareness of proximity to promote awareness .
And in this case , you can recognize the objects or at this case , and in this case , you can recognize the objects or at least the photos were like a permanent record , reliable and disability of what happened .
The photograph is empathy and the familiar amount of these attacks .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , a magician , if you want , and the outcome is the most possible possible for a document , a forc , if you want , and the outcome is the most possible .
When you identify the odds , they &apos;re going to get the bodies unfold and these coats and these coats are going to get the bodies down and then they ate them .
In all his simplicity , these objects are the test for victims of victims , the last record record that those individuals were there .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
A few years ago , I decided to follow the footprints of the great philosophers , Morgan Saflolock , and a few years ago , I decided to follow the footprints of the great philosophers , Morgan Sorgilock , and a few years ago , I decided to follow the footprints of the great philosopher &apos;s great philosopher , Morgan Starck , who I decided to follow from the great philosopher of American philosophers , Morgan Starck ,
There are some things that I learned from the age of 30 days .
I don &apos;t know how long it was going to meet , skiing , heating , if I didn &apos;t know how long it was much more memorable .
This is my crux to pull a photo every day for a month .
I would never have been so adventures .
I also understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood I had understood
( Laughter ) So , the secret is in not going to sleep , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going to way , but it &apos;s not going
But you &apos;re going to kill your novel .
It &apos;s terrible .
I don &apos;t have to say , &quot; Well , I don &apos;t have to say , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t have to report . &quot;
No . I mean , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m writer . &quot;
I &apos;ve learned that by doing little changes and punishment , it &apos;s more likely that stayed forever .
In fact , they are good fun .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photograph .
Does this picture ?
Because of course , this is a picture that can &apos;t pick up with your cameras .
In all , my view of the photograph started when I was able to my first digital camera to 15 .
And I looked at it with my passion , the one that was a little bit different , because using the camera the process was more well in the plantation .
And when a photograph was a photograph with a camera , the process ended up as a burning .
To me the photograph I had to think about being in the English place in the English moment .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts to the pulse .
Fotes like this : a building on a very transaction road .
But it has mischanged .
And yet , it &apos;s still a realism level .
Or photos like these — dark meters and colorful , but all of the common objective of keeping the level of realism .
When I say realism , I can &apos;t .
Because of course , it &apos;s not something that can be captured , but I always want you to look like it , but I always want you to look it like a picture .
Fotes in which one will have to think a moment to discover the magic .
So this has more to do that to capture a sense that we can capture a really interesting moment .
But what is the trick that makes sound real ?
Do you have to see the details or your colors ?
Do you have to see with light ?
What did the illusion ?
The point is the illusion .
But at the end it &apos;s about our way of interpreting the world , and how can it be lost in a two-dimensional surface .
It isn &apos;t about whether it &apos;s realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
And I &apos;ve changed the way that we make the reality in what we take out of the reality , and we &apos;re creating an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three different physical objects , something we can all relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
But we &apos;ve been analyzed in a way that can create something that still looks three-dimensional .
But at the same time , we know it can &apos;t exist .
So let &apos;s face our brains because the brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s really no meaning .
And I see the same process by combining pictures .
It means they &apos;re actually combinations different .
So the things that make a picture looked like , I believe that they are the ones who don &apos;t even think ; the things that are in arming our lives would be .
But when we combine pictures of pictures , it &apos;s really important to consider this . Because of the contrary , it seems a rare way .
So I &apos;d like to say that there &apos;s three simple hope that we follow to simplistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combining , can create something like this .
So the first one is that the very first thing is that the red photos of the same view .
Secondly , the blended photos were supposed to have the same kind of light .
And these two pictures are undergraduating with these requirements ; have been taken by the same time and the same type of light .
The third point is to make sure that they start to tell where they start and reused the various images with a perfect one .
It has to be impossible to say how if you eat the picture in reality .
And by doing the color of the color , the contrast and the shine in the lines that there are among the different imagery between the different pictures , by adding photosynas as the depth of the field , and we make the boundaries of the boundaries between different images and we make it look like a picture , but it sounds like a picture in fact can have hundreds of captured .
This is another example .
( Laughter ) You could think this is the picture of a landscape , and the bottom is what it was .
But this picture is completely composed by pictures of different places .
I mean , I think it &apos;s easier to create a place that found it , because one doesn &apos;t need to compromise the ideas that has in your mind .
But this requires a lot of plantation .
And as I thought this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to design , to find different places for the focus of the daycare .
For example , the fish was captured in a way to catch fish .
The back is a different .
The superficial part was captured in a stone pigeon .
And yeah , even in red , the island of the island of the island of illegally , it &apos;s going to be more deadly .
So to get a realistic result , I think it makes plantation .
Every time begins with a little bit .
And then there &apos;s the different picture there .
And here every piece is very strong .
If a good job is going to take a good job by taking the photos the result might be too beautiful , and the very realist .
All the tools are there , and the only thing that the clean in is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So on this slide , you have to look at his age on axis .
After puberty , we left the map .
I measured a technique that we are using a technique that we are using around the world , measuring a technique that we are using around the world .
And the distribution of Japanese is totally different .
We change our models of the critical time .
We had to establish a group of control control a group of control in control a group of control and control a group of control of control .
But we asked the role of paper that we &apos;ve asked for paper , but we would ask the role of paper that we &apos;ve been asked .
And another group that has only been exhibit exhibit exhibit accurate and another group that has only been exporting to an audio ausadness , and another group that has only been exhibit exhibit expands to an audio ausadness , and another group that has just been exporting to an audio ausadness and another group that had only exhibit exhibit an audio ausadness , and another group that has only been exhibit exhibit exporting to an
What you see here is the outcome of the autume , and what I see here is the outcome of the ausadness .
It &apos;s six months .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So the different areas of the brain are the different areas of the brain — ( Laughter ) that makes an area that another part of the brain — ( Laughter ) that makes an area that another one .
( Applause )
