It was a fall of 2005 .
I worked from scientific trials at ACLLU , the National Security Development .
I was talking about my work , but precisely that day I felt a little bit unexcited .
So I found myself up to my fellow Chris Hannsen .
( Applause ) Chris took over 30 years to work at the ACLLU , so I found myself as a way of institutions .
I told me I felt a little bit brave .
I was researching a number of questions about the exact intersection of science and freedoms : very interesting .
But I wanted to do the ACLLD program based on these more expensive problems , a way that could spark a difference .
( Applause ) Chris went to the big , and ask me , &quot; &quot; All of these things , what are the five that most people don &apos;t care ? &quot;
&quot; &quot; Because it &apos;s the effect of genetics , our reproductive technologies , the lawyers and ...
You see , there &apos;s a cool thing , the art of Isaif as you can and ...
So , of course , the subject of genetic literacy .
&quot; &quot; Yes , that &apos;s because of human genes . &quot;
&quot; No ! &quot;
&quot; &quot; Be saying that the average American government refers to the heart of the human body ?
It can &apos;t be . I came back to my head , and I sent him to three papers .
And 20 minutes later , he arrived by him a little girl .
&quot; Hell ! You had the right ! How do you have to keep it ? &quot;
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what Chris is a great lawyer , but I didn &apos;t know nearly anything about legibelts and absolutely nothing about genetics .
I knew something about genetics , but it wasn &apos;t deported , a lot less carrotated troll .
It was clear that there was a lot to learn before to just stop someone else .
First , we had to know exactly exactly what the patent was called when somebody had patented a gene .
And the genetic slogan they used to be able to figure out questions of reclaiming feedback , but the most discussed in all are the calls &quot; &quot; DNA &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; DNA , &quot; &quot; or a piece of DNA from a cell .
Hors of this saying , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t patent your body your body &apos;s genes , you patent the genes you end . &quot; &quot; And it &apos;s true , but it &apos;s the thing that you need to consider the genes to use them .
And the patent doesn &apos;t break a gene on particular , it &apos;s all possible that it &apos;s all possible .
What does this mean ?
Because you can &apos;t pass your genes to your doctor and ask me that you know , to see if you have mutations that mutations , without the defenseless of the patent .
It also means the troll to patent the patent is the right to prevent that gene based on research or trials .
They looked at that these office-, private companies , the private companies , the human genome of the human brain , is diusing patients .
We have the case of Abmail , a little 10 years with Parkinson &apos;s syndrome , a heart disease that , if it &apos;s not , it can cause the sudden death .
The company that allows the two genes associated with this disease made a test to diagnose their own syndrome .
But then he went to the freeway and never come to offer cell phones .
But the company I can &apos;t have , but the company I had had the patented patches on the patent .
Two years without going to make it .
During that time , Ab<unk> died from I.Q.
The genetic slogan was a problem that are affected by patients .
Will there any way to do the front ?
Because it turns out that the Supreme Court stopped in a long list of cases , there &apos;s a number of things that are not patented .
You can &apos;t make the products of nature : the air , the water , the minerals , the elements of the table .
They weren &apos;t even the laws of nature : the law law , and = 2 .
They are very fundamental things , and they have to be in the reach of all , and they have to be right .
And in our view DNA , the structure of life is more fundamental , which encode the production of all our protein , is so much a product of nature like a nature of nature , regardless of that if you find your bodies or the bottom of a lab .
To report the best , we traveled across the country to talk with : scientists , medical professionals , Asian physicians .
Most of us told us that we had a reason for a politician , and when it &apos;s less in theory , since a legal point of view .
They all thought the chance to go through our own topic , and they were so much like this .
But why ?
It turns out that the patent troll leads to the surface of 20 years .
It was literally thousands of human genes .
The patent court was very tied in the status quo , the scheme of biotech is growing up around this practice , and the legislative transaction to translate the genetic troll that &apos;s going to year after year after year to Congress .
I presume : the courts weren &apos;t going to be willing to eat these patents .
But I wasn &apos;t Chris , and I didn &apos;t get me fear , and that made me fear , &quot; &quot; I mean , it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough , but it &apos;s not enough for me to follow .
So we started to see our cause .
The accusation of patents used to be : Access demands by a way : Access demands by a certain technical topic , dark and messy .
We were not interested in the kind of causes of causes , we think our cause .
So the foundation of science , the progress and the rights of the patients .
So we decided to open a cause that wouldn &apos;t be like that there &apos;s a patent that there is per patent , but one cause of human rights .
We &apos;ve been able to identify a memoir called genetic troll that we &apos;ve been arguing with the status pad , and then we organize a classification of decline before we organize a classification of suspension and experts who told the courts of the courts as these words and innovation .
We think the ideal candidate for spreading was Mysictics , a company with headquarters in Salt Lake City , Uh .
I was going to beat the patent from two genes , the genes BRA1 and BRA2 .
Women with certain mutations in these genes are more likely to take away from their own chest hair .
( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music ) ( Music )
I wanted to have a couple of labs who had to let me give me permission to offer .
They make a lot of money for their exams : more than 3,000 dollars .
They stopped sharing their medical data with international community community .
And if you take away the worse , for a couple of years , Myvging inspired their exam to act its exam so that we include additional experiments that had been identified by a team of researchers in France .
It moved that during that period for several years , until a 12 percent of women are going to do a wrong answer : a bad outcome that should be positive .
This is Khleman Max.
Robites from Kardleam , Eileen , has developed cancer for 40 years and fixed exams .
The negative exam .
The family posted .
The most likely was that cancer was not that present in the family , so the other family members of the family didn &apos;t need to do the exam .
But two years later , she was diagnosed with him diagnosed with an advanced cancer cancer cancer .
And it turns out that the friend of Krasileus found that 12 percent of people who are blogging a fake .
If Eileen got the result right now , Khacken would do the exam , and we would avoid his Mexican .
And they could move these problems .
Physicists , of course , of deficitics , four scientific organizing organization , four scientific organizations that were involved in 150,000 scientific implants and medical professionals , and individual women who were or couldn &apos;t afford a second opinion that they couldn &apos;t give , because of the patents .
One of the main challenges we face when we prepared this case was to think the way we think about science .
To the case that what I &apos;ve done is not an invenert policy , and the genes we end BCA was completely impossible , we had to explain a couple of basic approaches , like : What is a gene ? What is the DNA ?
What if the DNA island , and why is it not a seat ?
We spend hours of hours and hours of our ages and experts , trying to figure out how to explain this way of explaining these things that &apos;s easy .
And at the end end of the metaphorical metaphors , like gold .
So much DNA is like to extract gold from one meter or from the river of a river .
You can actually test the process to extract gold , but you can &apos;t let your own gold .
So it &apos;s going to have the way back to extract the gold of the mountain ; you can &apos;t make it , it &apos;s still gold .
And the gold , once , again , can we allow all sorts of things that you couldn &apos;t even walk when he was in the mountain ; with him , for example . But you can &apos;t afford the gold .
In 2009 , we were already listed to the case .
We come back to the New York State district in New York City &apos;s New York City , and the way it &apos;s going to be translated , or the punchline .
In 2010 , the Christian man Sweet issued his memoir : 152 pages . A full half of us .
So when we read their view , it &apos;s actually really intrigued by what I describe science in the case .
I mean , our report — it was pretty good , but not as good .
So how could they develop an understanding of the subject in so little time ?
We couldn &apos;t imagine how to possibly imagine something like this .
So it turned out that I was working with that he was working on that , not just a lawyer — was a scientist .
And it wasn &apos;t just a scientist — I had a PhD in molecular biology .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s going to be lucky .
So I &apos;m going to say it appealed to the Supreme Court &apos;s license to cover the Federal Reserve .
And here &apos;s the thing .
First , in a life vital moment , the government of the United States changed aside .
In the court court , government issued a report of Myrir .
But I &apos;m going to direct your own container and your own troll , the government , or a report that would reconsider this subject to the light of the court of the district district , and then then the DNA ends wasn &apos;t really susceptible to being patented .
This was very important , and utterly unexpected .
The name of Apbution from the Federal Reserve into the case of patent , and it &apos;s known as it &apos;s called it very , very , very , very doubt of the patent .
So even with this particular event , we had to lose it .
And so it was .
More or less .
The decision was from two to one .
But the ones who voted against us , they used to be done completely different .
The first one , the creator Louvane , invented his own suit , completely wrong .
( Laughter )
Myven argued that , why didn &apos;t I have a sense .
The other one , the fact , the fact , the fact that I would agree with you instead being DNA in the corner of nature .
But that &quot; &quot; I want &quot; &quot; to &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t want to walk the industry from the biotech industry . &quot; &quot; The third one , the Book of Arabic , gave us the reason .
You have to make a question that you &apos;re going to respond to the morning .
You know , these questions took the way around this way of a half , and a half of a half of them , where it &apos;s like &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; chicken .
We did what if home was the most short-ever heard .
Five words : Am I patented genes ?
When Chris asked me what I thought about these words , I said , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
I think you would have to say , &quot; &quot; What is the DNA ? &quot; &quot; &quot; No .
I want the judges that have the same reaction that I had the day to talk about seven years ago .
The Supreme Court Court goes around and around one percent of the cases , and he accepted our own .
And he comes from the case of torment , and it was very , very exciting — with a lot of people out there , people who were tied to the two : 30 from the morning to try to get into the judged .
Two organizations against the chest of chest hair , they organized an expression to the judged of judged .
Chris and I took together in the hallway , moments before he went to defend the most important case of his career .
I was much more nervous than he .
But all of that panic , it turns out when I came up in the room and saw me a lot of ararous ararous ararous adhesives : women who were expected and broke their stories , the geneticists who sacrificed their stories , the geneticists who sacrificed a lot of their careers , the geneticist of a spectrum , the geneticist of a spectrum that we present from the court of court , representatives of a spectrum that we present from the court of the
In the room , they were also three leaders of the Human Genome Project , including the co-est of the DNA , James Watson , who had had a report to the court , what would we say that the genes were in the court , what would we say that the genes were in the room and the contribute that each one to do this day would have a lot of the time .
The claim was engaging .
Chris claimed a brilliant way .
But to me , the deepest thing about it was to see the grandman of the Supreme Court Supreme Court tried to understand the DNA end , through a series of normgrams and dialogues , in a very similar way , like I &apos;ve done our legal team for the last seven years .
And the judges are associated with the illusion of DNA to extract a national plant plant .
The fellow Robins will associate it with a baseball ticket from a tree .
And what I &apos;m really struck was my favorite moment , the judges Sotomayor determine whether the DNA ends &quot; &quot; was nature waiting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) When we left that day of judged and thought , I was able to be anti-the outcome : nine a.m.
A natural segment of DNA is a product of nature , and it &apos;s not taking advantage of it just because outside .
And what it is more , Myriad didn &apos;t do nothing . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four hours after the decision , five labs announced that they were going to start offering advice for the genes BCA .
Some of them may offer permission to be cheaper than Mytis .
Some promise to offer a stronger test test that &apos;s going to be used to Mysaging .
But the decision of the court was at Myrir .
He or a 25-year practice that lets a lot of human genes in the United States .
He wants to talk about innovation and the biomedical research .
And they helped what patients like Ab<unk> us , Kingphen and Eileen , and Eileen , and Eileen to the exams that needed .
A few weeks later , after the court stopped his decision , I got a little package in the box of email .
She was visiting Bob Crisa , a teacher from Duke University , and one of the first people that I and Chris went to me and Chris went to the University of Duke .
( Laughter ) We have a lot of this case .
Some of what he gave you to address those risks was to know that we were doing the right thing .
The process lasted almost eight years since the end of the end , with many of them , with many of them and unseen the way .
Of course , lucky help , but they were the communities that we make , and the actions we create , the ones we create , the ones we &apos;ve created .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Ola . Today , I &apos;m going to show you a shoe of eight from eight of my projects , made in collaboration with an artist .
We have to call it Pors &amp; RRen and we live and we work in India .
I &apos;d like to begin with my first object , when I call &quot; &quot; The phone &quot; &quot; — I was like , &quot; &quot; The phone guy . &quot; &quot; I recommend it in the peculiar habit of my man to ask me about it , almost as if I was an extension of your body : turning the lights or paste a pot of tobacco .
When I grew up , it was worse and ate to see how a form of control .
Of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the guy is a very dry figure in the family .
What I was , most of me , was his use of the phone use .
He would take the bank and I would expect me to get the number by him .
As a gift and how gift to my man , I said , &quot; &quot; The phone guy . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that they &apos;ll be poor people to use it .
It &apos;s exactly the way that my man uses a phone call for a person .
The problem is , when I went home , and I went to college , I started to walk away from least your commands .
So I &apos;ve been doing a piece of writing that he could take his plate to the sound that he could take his plate and add up all the world through the electrons .
What I had to do was take a paper , put paper on the car , writing the paper , writing the email or command the paper .
This device would send automatically the person in a matter of an electrical email .
So here you can see that we put a lot of these electronic devices that understand all of the pieces and make sure that we are going to be able to do that .
So my particular man is just a mechanical interface .
And since then , the object has to be great and having a little ring ring , like my uncle .
The next job is a device sensitive to what we call &quot; &quot; The Pigmetics . &quot; &quot; We wanted to work with the way that we are surrounded by a beautiful sense of shy creatures , sensitive and sweet .
This works like this . We have these tapes here on the wall , and behind it , we have these little creatures that are moist ground .
As we were in silence , intimilan .
And if there &apos;s a more silence yet , it turns out .
And at the very least , you can play again .
So we have this balance in three walls of a room .
And we had to be 500 of these little pigments in behind .
And that &apos;s how it works .
This is a prototype video prototype .
( Laughter ) When there &apos;s silence , out of the Moon .
And it &apos;s like humans or real creatures .
And they &apos;re also the sounds of sound that scare them out of there .
They don &apos;t respond to the sound sound .
I hear a train in a moment when they didn &apos;t respond .
( Laughter ) But they follow the sounds at the sound at the first plan . I hear that a second .
( Laughter ) We worked very hard to do the more realistic thing possible .
Each pigment has its own behavior , perception , mood , etc . , etc .
This is a very premature prototype .
Of course , it was the best after that .
We had to run out to the people , but we saw that people was pretty young and child with them .
This is a video video game of video called &quot; &quot; The wise person . &quot; &quot; We were quite intrigued by the idea of the Bible .
How would it be possible to experience the invisibility ?
We worked with a specific company in the laboratory of surveillance , and we asked them to make a software with us using a camera that could look at the people in the room , follow these people and replace a person with the bottom , and then they replace the invisible .
I &apos;ll show you a very premature prototype .
For the wrong part , you can see my colleague , which actually is in space .
And on the left , you &apos;ll see the process where the camera makes the invisible .
It goes in the fourth room . It &apos;s going to go !
You can see how the camera goes down and the tracks .
It &apos;s a premature video , so we don &apos;t have to let loose , and all of that , but it &apos;s perfect to soon .
So we did this by a room where there was a camera in space , and we had a monitor on every wall .
And second people went to the room , they &apos;ll see themselves in the monitor , except for a difference : a person was constantly invisible to where he wants to move in the room .
This work is called &quot; &quot; The wall of the sun . &quot; &quot; It was almost like a piece of paper , like a little bit of an infant , like a pair of oil , or a sun .
Anyway , this object seemed to be very strong and robust , and on the side , almost too .
People would walk through the room , and we would almost never ignore thinking that was some tractor .
But instead we went into close to the wall with the wall in the way .
It &apos;s going to make it easier .
( Laughter ) This work is a carta .
Her head is so heavy , full of heavy thoughts , which seems that it seems to fall in the time and its bodies grows in it almost as a plant .
What it &apos;s doing is moving around your head as if you were in a very unpredictable motion , and extremely slow fast .
It &apos;s like thank you for that circle .
Because if that circle didn &apos;t have that out and the soil outside , it would start to demize through space .
And there &apos;s no way there .
You show you an example . When people comes in the room , it turns out this object .
And so , very slowly , in a few minutes , it &apos;s going to make it easier , gets speed and looks like it &apos;s the point .
So this is an important moment because we wanted to inmerge into the viewer a way of almost going and help or help the shape .
But he didn &apos;t need it because he really wants to stand up again .
So this work was a technical challenge to us , and we worked very hard , as in most of our jobs , for years to get a mechanical ventilation , a balance and a perfect dynamics .
It was very important for us to actually establish the exact moment , because if we were the way that we were able to balance the balance , then we would use it , and if it wasn &apos;t enough , I wouldn &apos;t necessarily know that fatalism would not necessarily would be that dealism , or that effect of wanting to go .
So I &apos;m going to show you a very quick video where we make a test . It &apos;s much faster .
That &apos;s my roommate . Let &apos;s go .
Now it &apos;s also going to get nervous , so it &apos;s going to take it .
But you don &apos;t need to do it because it &apos;s easily .
This is a work that we &apos;ve been very intrigued , working with the incredible skin that we &apos;ve been very intrigued , working with thousands of diverse highly fiber in optical fibers , which weighed like the sky .
And it &apos;s the scale of the sky .
We &apos;re going to see this around from a drop in a form of railing , which I was glued to the script .
The idea was to take something that cold and abstract and abstract as the universe in the familiar way of a lot of glass , which is very uncomforting and intimate .
The idea was that somewhere we would let you see a way of walking around and look at the shape of the rab as a hole in space , as if you were looking at a nice night , as if you were looking at a brilliant concert .
This is the last job , even in the process , and it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Respace of space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a little bit like this one of you in the middle of the room , and that , I promise you , you try to figure out what you &apos;re going on in the middle of the room and that , you know , trying to figure out what we &apos;re going to do , and then I &apos;ll tell you , try and make it become a dose .
This object is in constant expanbacks and counter-counter-funding to create a dynamic with people moving around , as if you try to play a secret in their together or something like this .
We worked with a lot of technology , but in reality , we don &apos;t like it , because it has a lot of suffering in our work for years and years .
But we use because we &apos;re interested in the way that helps us express emotions and patterns of behaviors in these creatures that we create .
When a creature comes to the mind , and almost as if the process of creation was finding the way that this creature wants to exist , that way wants to take and how to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So I &apos;m going to start giving you a trick of useful technology and all the corner of you is this : you change your posture for two minutes .
But before I tell you , I want to ask you now even if you look at your body and what you &apos;re doing with it .
See , how many of you are here ?
Divershly , the legs floats , the phosphates .
Sometimes we put their arms like this .
Sometimes I hate it . ( Laughter ) Ofle I see you .
I pay attention to what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re going to go back to this last minute , and I hope that if you learn to modify it a little bit , I &apos;m going to change the development of your life .
Well , we &apos;re fascinated with the body language , and they &apos;re especially the body language of other people .
You know , a little years — this , I &apos;m sorry — ( Laughter ) a tortor , a smile , a tortment , a chubing eye , a chickhearted eye , or even something like a pair of hands .
Narrator : So here are coming to the number 10 .
This police are lucky and gave him to the president of the United States .
There he comes the first Prime Minister — ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Amy Eldy : A pair of hands , or his head , could you tell us for weeks and weeks ; you can tell us for weeks and weeks .
The New York Times , even the BBC and New York Times .
So when we think about whether or not verbal language or body language , we have we are not verbal about verbal language . We talk about communication .
When we talk about communication .
What do I communicate to your body language ?
What are you telling me ?
There &apos;s reason to believe that it &apos;s true of this approach .
Sociologists spend a lot of time or other people , about the judge .
We make Jewish judgment and it &apos;s debody language .
This employer can claim that important studies in life as we hire or we promote or who we &apos;re asking or who we &apos;re asking .
For example , I was a researcher at the University of Jaws , demonstrated that when someone spends 30 seconds of futureless videos without any of the real interaction of the doctor that &apos;s going to be stopped , and not .
So it doesn &apos;t have to see so much with the doctor was or not inskilled but with you like that person or like interacting .
Even more dramatic , Alex Tomorrow , to Princeton , to Princeton , of Princeton , has shown us that the judgments of the candidate of political candidates I &apos;ve answered in a second for the next 70 percent of the career of the career &apos;s going to lead to the value of the career of the career in the world can lead to more value .
If you make a bad use of them , right ?
Let &apos;s talk about not verbal language : talk about how we judge to each other , how are we judged and what &apos;s the consequences .
But we tend to forget the other audience in which influence our language are not verbal , that we are ourselves .
We make our language not verbal , our thoughts , feelings and physiology .
What aren &apos;t verbal language I &apos;m talking about ?
I &apos;m a social scientist . I &apos;ve been studying the harm that I &apos;ve experienced and contribute to in a competitive competition of business , so it was inevitable that I was inevitable that interested in power dynamics .
It &apos;s been invisible for me about all of it , not verbal power and dominated .
What are the secretors not verbally for the power of power and dominated ?
Well , yeah .
And in the animal kingdom , you have to see the expansion of it , and in the animal kingdom , you have to see the expansion .
If you &apos;re going to get big , you &apos;re going to get big , you &apos;re going to get big , you &apos;ll basically open it .
It &apos;s about opening up .
And it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom , and it works in the whole animal kingdom ,
You don &apos;t just have just the prime .
Humans do the same . ( Laughter ) They &apos;re so when they have power in a permanent way , and also when they feel powerful at the time .
This is especially interesting , because we &apos;ve shown it from ancient and universal solutions that are these calculations of power .
This phrase , who &apos;s known as GNH , was studied by Jessica Kong , and this expression , which was used by Jacesseness , was studied by Jessica Depression .
And that tells us that so much the people that look at that as much as the people who are watching who are being used to do the same when they win a physical competition .
So when you look at the end line and win it doesn &apos;t matter if you had never seen it .
They &apos;re like that .
Their arms rise up there , the time something is high .
What do we do when we feel helpless ?
We take the opposite .
We &apos;re right . We &apos;re going to come up .
We have small .
We don &apos;t want to meet with who is our .
And so animals like humans do the same .
And this is what happens when we together power .
What we tend to do is to do when it comes to power is actually a verbal language .
So if somebody comes very powerful with us , we tend to do the smaller ones . We don &apos;t accept it .
We do the opposite .
If I can see this behavior in class , you notice it ?
In fact , the students from MBA to present the whole language are not verbal .
There are people who are carelessly carelessly people who are carelessly in the classroom , places in the middle of the beginning of class , how they wanted to take space .
When they sit , they seem to expand .
Eren your hand .
And then there are other people coming up to us , just like there are other people coming to us .
You see it in your own face and your body , sit in the chair , and then you sit in the chair , and they do so that when you hold your hand .
So here &apos;s two things .
One man won &apos;t smiles .
Just look at the sex .
Women are more likely to do it that men .
Women are always less powerful than men , so this is not surprising .
But the other thing I noticed is that it seems to be related to the committee of the students and with its level of action .
And this is really important in the middle class , because it counts for the media of the bill .
The business schools have been fighting with the distinction of notes .
You see refugees and men equally , and then you see these differences in the notes , that seem to be attributed to the difference .
So I started asking me : if there are people who come to that attitude and experience the difference , if there are people who come to that attitude and experience the difference , if there are people who are coming with that attitude and make a difference , if there are people who go to that attitude and make a difference , if there are people who go to that attitude and make a difference , if there are people who go to that attitude and make a difference , if there are people who go to that
What would it lead to you , would be possible to do other things , and that leads them to participate more ?
My collaborator Deana Carney , which is in Berkeley , and I want you to know if you can &apos;t pretend to do it .
I mean , you can just do it just for a moment and experiment a result in your behavior that makes it feel more powerful ?
We know that language aren &apos;t verbal to what other people sit and think of us . There &apos;s a lot of evidence .
But our question was : What is the question that we don &apos;t do verbal things ?
There &apos;s evidence that this is .
For example , we smile when we &apos;re happy , but also when we make sure that we &apos;re smiling , but also when we do it , we &apos;re feeling happy .
It works in the two directions .
When it comes to power , it &apos;s also working in two directions .
When we feel powerful , it &apos;s more likely to do this , but it &apos;s also possible that when we pretend to be powerful , it &apos;s more likely to really feel powerful .
Well the second question was really , well , we already know that the mindset gets our body , but it &apos;s okay that the body is our mind ?
And when I say , in the case of powerful , what I &apos;m talking about ?
Because I talk about thoughts and feelings and a physiological disorder that make these thoughts and feelings , and in my case , I talk about hormones . We look at the hormones .
How is it the head of powerful people &apos;s mind ?
The powerful people tend to be , it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s not surprising , but it &apos;s not surprising .
They have the sense they &apos;re going to win even in games .
They also tend to think of a more abstract way .
There &apos;s a lot of differences in a lot . It tells the risks .
There &apos;s an awful lot of difference between the powerful and the ones that are not .
We are also also providing differences in two key hormones : testosterone , which is the hormone hormone , and the cuisl , which is the hormone hormone .
Poor males with a lot of power in the Neanderthals , have high levels of testosterone and low levels of cutting , and powerful leaders and efficient and effective leaders . And powerful women and effective leaders who have high levels of damage in the Neanderthals , and the very powerful leaders of the uncles , and the very powerful leaders and effective leaders who are very high , and very effective leaders and very efficient , and very effective leaders and very efficient , and very effective leaders who have a high levels of testosterone .
What does this mean ? When I talk about power , they used to talk about just the testosterone , because he had to do with the master of the dominance .
But the power also has to do with our reaction to stress .
We want a dominant leader , with a lot of power , with high levels of testosterone , but sensitive to stress ?
Really ?
We want a person who is powerful , messy and dominant , but not so much sensitive to stress , a person who &apos;s quiet .
We know that at the ancestor of the prig , if a car has to take control , if somebody has to take control , take a sudden that paper , in the run of a paper , his life really locks and the cuisl equally .
We have that evidence , that the body can shape the mind , at least the facial expression , and also that paper can shape the mind .
So what happens when I &apos;m going to give me a paper shift ? What happens if you do at a minimum level , like this little manipulated or you ?
We called it : &quot; &quot; I want you for two minutes , so that will make you feel more powerful . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s what we did .
We decided to get people to the lab and do a little experiment , those people adopted them , for two minutes , both of the possibly possible possibly , and I &apos;m going to show you just five of those scenes from these curts , even if they were given the only two of those events , even if they were given just two weeks .
This is one .
A couple more more than a couple of more , a couple more more , a couple more more than one pair .
So , the press called &quot; &quot; he wonder wonder . &quot;
Here we have a couple more .
You can be standing , or sitting .
So here &apos;s the trouble .
Now , if you look at it , you get small .
This is very low power .
When I was going to get you to see it really .
This is what happens .
They came up , hunch in a jar , and we told them for two minutes : &quot; &quot; You have to do this or that . &quot; &quot; They don &apos;t see the photos of you .
We don &apos;t want to engage with a concept of power .
We want to feel the power .
That &apos;s two minutes .
So we wonder , how powerful you feel ? We gave them the chance to bet , at the end of the other show of salvation .
That &apos;s all . This is all the experiment .
This is what we found .
Trecios at the risk , we can bet ; we found that when they are in a high power bank , we found that when they are in a high power location .
When they are in the low ice , it &apos;s just 60 percent . It &apos;s a very significant difference .
Let &apos;s see what we found with testosterone .
It blows his normal way to arrive , to get the powerful people in a classification of the top of 20 percent and patented an age of 10 percent .
Again , two minutes , and they get that change .
Now the results of cutting .
The most powerful thing to experience a 25 percent of the value , the most striking people to have a increase increase in about 15 percent .
Just two minutes of lead these hormonal change , the hormonal change that has been able to figure out whether your brain has to make it be safe or comforting or comforting to stress .
We all know that sense , right ?
I think our language is not verbal that our language are not verbal the way of seeing ourselves , not just to the rest of it , but the self .
The body can change the mind .
So the next question , of course , is , can we be able to change the life of a couple of minutes ?
This is in the lab , this experiment , they &apos;re just two minutes .
Where do you really apply this ?
That &apos;s what we care about .
We think where it needs is in terms of what they &apos;re saying , as in the case of &quot; &quot; social media , &quot; &quot; you think where you are supposed to be in terms of what you are in , how are you in the workplace , you think , how are you going to sit in the way ?
( Applause ) And if you were just your friends .
To the teenagers is in the dining table .
For some people , it &apos;s about the Somali school .
It can be by making a business or giving a talk like this or going to be an interview interview interview .
We took one of the most people in the world , because many of them went through it , the interview interview .
So we published the results , the press became interested , and he said , well , this is what you have to do when you go to an interview , right ?
( Laughter ) Of course , we looked like you and we said , not , for God , no , not what we want to say .
For a lot of reason , you don &apos;t do it .
Again , it &apos;s not about talking to other people .
You want to talk to you .
What do we do , before we go to a job interview ?
You &apos;re sitting there . Look at your iPhone ... or your Android , you don &apos;t let anybody out there .
So I want to introduce you to the text , you &apos;re going to make it small , you make it small , when you really should be doing it , it &apos;s worth two minutes .
So that &apos;s what we want to assess , right ?
We invited people to the lab to the lab , and then we have to go back to the laboratory , and then we went down an interview interview interview , and then we found an interview interview , and then we went back to the laboratory , and then we found an interview interview , and then we went back to the laboratory , and then we found an interview interview , and then we went back to the laboratory , and then we found an interview interview , and then we went back to the laboratory ,
First of course , I recorded a five-minute five-minute couple of months ago .
And also the ones are judged , and the judges are being judged , not verbal , not verbal .
Imagine that this person you interview .
For five minutes , nothing , it &apos;s worse than you are .
People like this .
It &apos;s what Marianne sits call &quot; &quot; being in the middle of the &quot; &quot; social media . &quot; &quot; This fires pop out .
This is the interview that we marvel because we wanted to see what happened .
We have analysts , four in total .
They don &apos;t know at the chance . We don &apos;t know the chance .
They don &apos;t have any idea that the position took every person , and at the end of the quiz , they said , &quot; &quot; We want to hire these people , &quot; &quot; they said , &quot; &quot; We want to hire these people , all of the potential possible .
We don &apos;t want to hire others .
We give a much more positive risk .
It &apos;s not about the content of the speech .
This is the presence of the presence of the speech .
Why do we measure all of these variation in terms of funding : Will we look at the speech ?
Did you mean ? What are you ?
These things don &apos;t negotiate . This is what it affects .
So this kind of thing .
Each person gets itself , basically .
They show what they are .
They show their ideas , themselves , without any extra extra .
So this is what it causes or conditioned to effect .
When I talk to people about this , our bodies changes our mind and behavior can change our way of being , saying , &quot; &quot; It looks like . &quot; &quot; Oh ?
( Laughter ) I said , &quot; &quot; Come on .
I &apos;m not like this .
I don &apos;t want to get there and feel like a fraud .
I don &apos;t want to feel as a impostor .
I don &apos;t want to get there to feel that he wasn &apos;t supposed to be there .
This is really important for me , because I want to tell you a little story about being a impostor and how you felt like it wasn &apos;t there .
When I was 19 , I had a terrible car accident .
I &apos;m going to take away from it from it , and then I picked up a bunch of syshirt .
I &apos;m going to dive from the car .
I hope I hope in UCHealth with a wound in my head , and I told me that my CQ has fallen out of the university , and told me that my CQ has dropped me in a standard standard . It was very traumatic .
( Laughter ) I know my introducousness , because they &apos;ve been told me as super-gifted , and I think they were told .
So I graduated from university and tried back .
I said , &quot; &quot; I can &apos;t end the career .
You have to accept that there are other things you can do , but in your case it doesn &apos;t . &quot; &quot; I had to deal with that , and I have to say that to you , and I have to say that to you , and I have to tell you that you &apos;ll take your identity , what you really are trying to feel .
I was totally powerless .
So I worked , and I worked , and I was struck , and I had smiles , and I worked , and I worked , and I worked .
I graduated from college .
I stood four years older than my partners , and I was saying somebody , my angel of the Sham , Suse Fiiske , so if I accept myself , and I felt like I wasn &apos;t there .
The night before the earthquake came up , he was , the night before the earthquake , and the night before the earthquake came up , and the night before the earthquake came up , and the night before the earthquake came , and the night before the earthquake came , and the night after the time came ,
That &apos;s okay .
I had so much fear of giant worm following the next day that I called , and I said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll leave you . &quot; &quot; She said , &quot; &quot; You won &apos;t leave anything , because I put you and go .
Vaces , and this is what we &apos;re going to do .
You &apos;re going to do all the odds that you have to take care .
It &apos;s just going to do it , and do it , and do it , and then we did it , and then we were startled or even paralyzed and having an instantaneous experience , until it reaches the moment to digestifying it , achievement line .
I came up here . I &apos;m doing it now . And that &apos;s what I did .
Five years of record a couple of years ago , you know , in Norshiatard , I &apos;m now at the World War II , I &apos;m now at Harvard , I don &apos;t think of it , but for a long time I had the sensation that wasn &apos;t supposed to be there .
The end of my first year at Harvard , a student who hadn &apos;t talked to the class at all the semester , saying , &quot; &quot; Look , you have to participate or fly , &quot; &quot; he came up with me . I didn &apos;t know before .
Tony Tiger , I said , &quot; &quot; I should not be here .
That was my moment .
Because it turns out two things .
The first one I realized : wholos ! I don &apos;t feel like this .
I didn &apos;t feel like that , but she sat me down in his place .
The second was , of course , has been there !
We &apos;re going to go , and it can do it .
So I said , &quot; &quot; Oh yeah , of course , yeah . Yes . &quot;
I &apos;m going to show you , you &apos;re going to make powerful , and you know what — ( Applause ) You will come to the class and you &apos;ll ask the best speech of everybody . &quot; &quot; And you know ? They gave the best speech of all of us .
Suddenly it changed .
Now I want to tell you that there &apos;s no way to do that .
So there &apos;s what happens to turn .
You have to do it long enough to turn on and interference .
The last one I &apos;m going to say is this .
Little change can lead to transformational change .
It &apos;s just two minutes .
Before I face next to you in the next two minutes , you try to take this , in two minutes , try to take this , in the way , in the way , in the way , in the way , it &apos;s going to close with it .
This is what you have to do .
To get the brain to get the best of that situation .
It &apos;s testosterone . It stops the cuisl .
You wouldn &apos;t have that situation while you didn &apos;t show who they are .
( Laughter ) Anyway — ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Anyway — ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Anyway .
So I want to ask you before anything you have a position in power , and I also want to invite you to share the experience , because it &apos;s very simple .
My face doesn &apos;t depend on this . ( Laughter ) I &apos;m interested in it , showing it to people , because the best ones you can use it are those without the resources , not technology , no power .
I &apos;m interested in them because they can do it in private .
They just need their bodies , privacy and two minutes to change the business of their life .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So what I &apos;d like to talk about is the most big problems in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; The chemist esskepist &quot; &quot; — probably it &apos;s a good option .
( Laughter ) But what I &apos;m going to talk about is what &apos;s the big problem in the world ?
And I mean , before we &apos;re going to keep going , I &apos;m going to propose every one of you who can take you balding and paper because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me see how we do it .
So let &apos;s paste light and paper .
After all , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world of the outside .
I &apos;m going to list just some .
800 million people are going to be protected .
One billion people don &apos;t have access to water .
Two billion unsanitation .
Most people die of HIV and AIDS .
Philosophers .
Two billion people have been seriously affected by climate change — and we end up .
We have many , many problems out there .
In a ideal world , we would solve everybody , but we don &apos;t do it .
The truth is that we don &apos;t solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t do it , the question that I think we should do is — and that &apos;s why we are at the age of economy — is saying , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to start asking ourselves , what problems we should do is we wanted to solve first ?
That &apos;s the question I &apos;d like to ask you .
If we had 50 billion dollars to spend in the next four years to make this world , what we should do ?
We take 10 of the most big ones in the world . &quot; &quot; And just as we &apos;re going to see it , climate change , political stability , conflict , education , financial stability , and corrupt and corrupt walls and the walls of the trade .
We think these , in a lot of ways , a lot of ways , a lot of the greatest problems in the world .
( Laughter ) So what I would like to get asked , what do you think are the greatest ?
Why should we start solving these problems ?
But that &apos;s wondering about a problem wrong .
Actually , that was the cool thing that was talked about by Dane .
But I think it &apos;s unlikely , there &apos;s a problem if you ask the people that focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve problems .
Just as the biggest of the problems we have in the world is that we all die .
But we don &apos;t have the technology to solve that , we have ?
So the thing is , it &apos;s not just the problem , but it &apos;s also primarily the solutions to problems .
And he said — naturally , it makes a little more complicated .
To change climate change , it would be something like Keyh .
For diseases , they could be clinics or networks for mosquitos .
For the conflict-ridden conflict , they would be the forces of peace from the U.N. , and so we could continue .
What I &apos;d like to ask you to try to try to do , and that in 30 seconds — and I know it kind of a way , you know what you think are the great priority .
And it &apos;s also — in this case , it &apos;s naturally , where the economy is going on — angel , whatever we should do .
What should we be at the end of the list ?
Please , just 30 seconds , maybe talk about the people , and they just know what they should be the primary priorities and the less predictability of the solutions that we have for the greatest problems in the world .
The surprising of this process — of course , I mean , would love me — I would love , just 18 minutes of telling you an important amount of time , right ?
I &apos;d like to make sure , and do you think about this process , and that &apos;s what we &apos;ve done .
And also , I &apos;m very sure , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re also going to have this argument later , and to think , how we prioritize really ?
So since then , there &apos;s a question of how you &apos;ve never made a list like this before ?
And one reason is that the primary ingredient is incredible .
Nobody wants to do it .
And of course , all the existing subjects wanted to be in the tallest of a list like that .
But they also all hate bias , they will not be in the highest .
And there &apos;s a lot more , but there &apos;s a lot more , but it &apos;s logical not to want a list like this .
So 60 years ago there &apos;s the U.N. , and it didn &apos;t have a basic list of great things we can do in the world , and said , what should we do first ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that we are not going to be wrong — any decision is a prioritize , so that &apos;s all the way it &apos;s all the time — and that &apos;s not surprising , and that &apos;s not surprising , and it &apos;s not surprising that it &apos;s really good for us , and we &apos;re missing it .
So what I &apos;m proposing is really true that we had , for a long period of time , a situation in which they found a lot of time .
There are many , many things we can do out there , but we didn &apos;t have the prices , and the dolphins .
We had no idea .
Imagine you run into a restaurant and you have a huge letter , but you don &apos;t know what the prices are .
You know you have pizza , but you don &apos;t know how much it costs .
It could be a dolar , they could be 1,000 dollars .
Could be a familiar pizza . It could be a individual pizza , right ?
You want to know these things .
And that &apos;s what it &apos;s trying to do to do the copyright Trust Trust — it &apos;s to put the prices of these subjects .
And so basically , this was the process of ururomen appetites .
We have 30 of the best economists in the world , three of each field .
So we had three of the greatest economists on the planet writing about climate change .
What can we do ? What is their cost ? What would the benefit ?
The same with unbaxous diseases .
Three of the best experts saying , we can do it ?
What is the price ?
What should we do about that , and what would it be ?
And so forth .
So we took some of the best economists , eight of the greatest economists in the world , including three Nobel laureates , including three Nobel laureates in May .
We call the &quot; &quot; Take mail . &quot; &quot; The fearless of the University of Cambridge decided to call them the Real Real Real economy .
It works very well in Europe , but here &apos;s not so much .
And basically what they did , it was just a golden list .
And then you wonder , why ?
And so , of course , I &apos;m so happy that we were asking that question — ( Laughter ) — because it &apos;s a very good question .
The theme is , of course , if you want to know , questions for the malaria .
If you want to know about the weather , questions about a maturous snake .
But if you want to know what the two of you are going to solve first , you can &apos;t ask any of the two of the two , because that &apos;s what they do .
That &apos;s what they do the economists .
Eight .
They &apos;re going to sound like something unnice to say , we have to do first , and we have to do it later .
So this is the list , and this is the list you want to share with you .
It &apos;s clear that you can see on the web , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re not going to talk about it as a day .
Techically engineered a list in which they said that there were bad projects — basically , projects where you make a dog , and you get less of it as a result .
They were right , and then they were right , and then they were right .
And of course , they are the very good projects we should start by doing .
So I &apos;m going to start from the last so much we can start to start with the best projects .
( Applause ) These were the ones .
As you can see at the end of the list is the climate change .
This offmade a lot of people , and that &apos;s probably one of the things that people will say it should not go back .
And I &apos;d like to talk about it , because it &apos;s really curious .
Why did this ?
And the truth is , I &apos;ll also try to talk about this because it &apos;s probably one of the things that we don &apos;t let you agree with the lists you have .
The reason that worked out that said , Keyh — or do something more than Keyh — it &apos;s not just a good company , because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It &apos;s not saying there &apos;s a global dent .
It &apos;s not saying it &apos;s not a big problem .
But it &apos;s saying that what we can do is it &apos;s very little , a very high cost .
What we basically showed you , the average media of all of the marine models , and that Keyh , if everybody &apos;s the world , would increase some 150,000 dollars a year .
That &apos;s an important amount of money .
Two or three times the global help of development that we put in the Third World every year .
And to do very little .
Now the models show that when you walk around about six years to 2100 years to 2100 .
So one guy in Bangladesh , which is actually going to be able to take an iPhone in the 26 .
Which is something good , but not very well .
So the idea and say , well , we spend a lot of money doing something good .
And just by giving a referendum , the U.N. estimates that the average part of that amount , about a billion dollars a year , we could solve all the main problems in the world .
We could give water water , sanitation , healthy age and education all the human beings on the planet .
So we should ask ourselves , we want to spend twice as well ?
Or half a good thing ?
And that &apos;s where it turns out in a bad project .
It &apos;s not saying that if you had some money around the world , you won &apos;t want to do it .
Senate , when we don &apos;t have it , it &apos;s just not our first priority .
The right projects — I &apos;m not going to comment on all — but , and , and scale , scale of basic services , are basic , just because , the scale of basic services of health is a big thing .
It would make a lot like well , but it also , too .
Again , what you see and suddenly we started thinking about both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there &apos;s a lot of sanitation projects .
Again , sanitation and water is incredible , but it also costs a lot of infrastructure .
So I &apos;m going to show you the four main moments that should be , at least , the first one we solve when we talk about how we should solve the problems of the world .
The largest last year is malaria — treat malaria .
The incidence of malaria is about a couple billion people infected each year .
It could even increase an entire performance point of GDP per year to the clinic .
If you split 113 billion dollars in the next four years , we could reduce the burden of half .
We could prevent the death of 40,000 people , but perhaps it &apos;s most important , we could avoid that one billion people infected each year .
We would apply it to their ability to address many of the other problems that they have to deal with . Of course , in the long run , also the global warming , also the key with global warming .
The third one is the contrast by commerce .
Techically , the model has shown that if we were able to reduce the wealth , and especially cutting the aid of the E.R. and Europe , we could basically rise the global economy with the marvel of another two trillion dollars a year , half of the year , half of the year , half of the year , half of the year , half of the year , half of the last year .
Again , we could actually take 200 or 300 million people out of poverty , radically different and very fast , between two and five years .
That would be the third better thing we could do .
The second one thing would be turned into the disnourishment .
They don &apos;t really disnourilize , but a very economical path of treating malnutrition , is saying , the lack of micro .
It turns out that half the world &apos;s population has stopped iron , zinc , abilizing and vitamin A. A.
If we were investing 12 billion dollars , we could make a profound assumption in that problem .
This would be the second better gift we could do .
And the best project would be centered on HIV / AIDS .
Basically , if we put 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we could avoid 28 million new cases of HIV / AIDS .
Again , what this does , and what &apos;s going on is why we have two very different ways of treating HIV / AIDS .
One is the treatment and the other is the decline .
Again , in a ideal world , we &apos;ll make the two .
But in a world where we don &apos;t do any of the two or where we don &apos;t do it as well , we should , when we were going to ask , why should we be investing first .
And the treatment is much , much more expensive than prevent prevent .
So what this thing is , what this is if we can do that , where we can do a lot more investing in the decline .
It turns out that the amount of money that we &apos;re spending is , we can do X as a matter of treatment , and 10 times more .
So again , we have to be focusing on more than about treatment as the first treatment .
What this makes us really is really going to think about our priorities .
I &apos;d like you to look at the wrong list of your brand and say , okay , do it okay ?
What did we do here ?
Well , think German , one of the things is again changing the climate change .
So a lot of people think it &apos;s very , very unlikely that we did that .
We also should make climate change , if there &apos;s no other reason , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But , of course , we don &apos;t solve all the testing .
We have many problems in the world .
And what I want to make sure is that if we focus on problems , we will be focusing on the right thing .
In those who we can do a lot more good .
And I think , the truth — Thomas Schrling , one of the subjects of the &quot; &quot; Take , &quot; &quot; which explained , very well .
One of the things that people live , and in a hundred years when we &apos;re talking about most of the impacts of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
They were even more disgusted by the U.N. Bank .
It &apos;s estimated that a person in the developing world in 2100 will be as rich as we are today .
And much more likely to be true of two times more rich than we are in .
And of course , we &apos;ll be even more rich than that .
But the thing is , when we talk about saving people , the help people in Bangladesh in Bangladesh in 2100 , we &apos;re not talking about a poor Bose .
We &apos;re talking about a very rich carrot .
And so the real subject , of course , is , we want to spend a lot of money trying to spend a little bit of money to help a little bit , about 100 years ago ?
We want to help the poor people , or we want to help the poor people , and we want to help the poor people , and who we can , who are very addicted to altruism ?
Or like , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; he has the rich ones , imagine that in rich economies — how will it be — a lichate , a hangend , a marrich of the rich in 2100 of the rich in the 2005 , and saying , &quot; &quot; How do you care about my grandmother and my great-grandmother ? &quot; &quot; So I think what we really need to do is we need to target our priorities in order .
Even if we don &apos;t agree with a typical look at this problem .
So , of course , it &apos;s fundamentally because the climate change has some .
You know , we know we have &quot; &quot; El day &quot; &quot; — it seems great , right ?
It &apos;s a good movie in the sense that I want candle , right , but I don &apos;t think you can &apos;t , but I don &apos;t think you can &apos;t , but I don &apos;t think you can &apos;t , but I don &apos;t think you can &apos;t .
So in a lot of ways , I think the Trust Trust Trust me and all the time about the priorities of the priorities is a prose of problems .
To make sure it &apos;s not just to make sure that it &apos;s not just to do it .
And it &apos;s not going to do things that have the greatest meditators , but it &apos;s also going to be about making places where we really can really do better .
The other objection , I think , that &apos;s important , is that somehow I am — or we &apos;re doing a false choice .
We certainly have to do it all , in a ideal world — it would be totally broken .
I think we should do all things , but we don &apos;t do it .
In the 1970s , the developed world has decided that we were going to spend twice as we did , right now , in the 1970s , developing countries in the developing world .
As our aid helps rise .
It doesn &apos;t seem like we are in the way that all the big problems .
In the same way , people would also say , but there &apos;s the war in Iraq ?
You know , we spend a hundred billion people , so we don &apos;t spend it in the world .
I &apos;m hooked .
If any of you can talk to Bush so that it &apos;s okay .
But of course , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s saying , if you had another 100 billion dollars , it &apos;s still wanting to be used as much as possible , right ?
So the real problem is to start again and think what the priorities are right .
I should mention briefly , is this really the right list ?
You know , when you ask the best economists out of the world , it &apos;s inevitable that you have to ask the white men and old of the United States .
And they &apos;re not necessarily a great way to look at the entire world .
So we invited 80 cake from the whole world to solve the same problem .
The only two requirements were that they were studying at the university , and they were talking English .
Most of them were , first , in the developing world .
They had the same material , but they could move away from the subject , and they could move away from the subject of the discussion , how they really did , to establish their own lists .
And the surprising thing was that the list was very similarly — with malnutrition and disease in the highest and changing climate change .
We &apos;ve done this many other times .
There are many other <unk> als and students and nurses and different things .
They all had as a result of the same list .
And that me , really , to say I think there &apos;s a way to say I think there &apos;s a way to think about our priorities , and say , what is the most important of the world ?
Of course , in a ideal world , we would love it all .
But if we don &apos;t do it all , we can start thinking about where we start ?
I see the Conprose Trust Trust as a process .
So we did in 2004 , and we hope that the most people , to get a lot more people in 2008 , 2012 .
We had to make the way right for the world , but also begin to think about political disability .
So to think of saying , &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t make things in what we can win little bit at a high cost , not the things we don &apos;t know how to do it , but we &apos;ll do things that we don &apos;t know how to do it , but we do it kind of great things where we can do that , but we have to be honest , and with the argument , if there &apos;s a lot of things we do , and we have to be honest with the argument , if
If we care a lot about some things , we &apos;re going to do not worry about any other .
So I hope that we can help us to help us better , better , and think how we work better for the world .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I stood outside the house with no keys .
He was going to get home home to get a friend on the other side of the city , because the temperature protects the two scales .
And I was in the translator , I went back when I didn &apos;t have the keys .
In fact , you could see them in the wet table table dining room .
But they were all closed .
I couldn &apos;t tell it that night in my friend &apos;s house , because at the morning I soon had a flight to Europe , and she would need to take the sports and the suitcase .
So desperate and die in the island of the island , and then I put it in the spinneret of the sidewalk .
I was going to make a lot of money , but I don &apos;t even more than a suitcase in the middle of the night .
Well , it &apos;s called the neuroscience .
It &apos;s cut cut , and it elevated the heart rate of adrenaline .
So at the next morning when I stood up after sleep , I worried about the scaffolding of course and the gathering of it that was going to have in Europe had the deliberate spirit mind .
And until I arrived at the officer of the airport , I didn &apos;t realize that I knew I knew it was .
So I went back to the house , with the snow and the ice , in 40 minutes , in 40 minutes , I &apos;ve come back to the airport , I came back to the airport , but I had my seat to another person , but I had my seat to another person , but I had my seat to another person .
Or , in the case of saying , &quot; &quot; No shit , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or , &quot; &quot; or ,
Dny told me , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and Danny , and Danny told me , and
It was something that &apos;s made of a man named Kaucen about this was a few years ago , and it &apos;s also going to die too .
So this is a team of experts that we &apos;re trying to determine what happened , right ?
Because it comes to death , as it explained , and then we try to determine what you can do .
So what I want to talk about today is what we can do today .
A lot of things are evident , too .
I &apos;m going to start with you .
We wish in places all around the house for things that are lost .
Well , this looks like a common sense of common , and it &apos;s so it that it &apos;s so common for common sense , and it &apos;s like it &apos;s so much common .
There &apos;s a structure of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for hundreds of thousands of years to think the attitudes of important things , and where it &apos;s the poet , where you can get small , where the tribes are and the enemy .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain .
It &apos;s the part of the brain .
In fact , there &apos;s been one person who did the experiment of the sense of smell .
But it works well with things that don &apos;t move too much , and not with things that move too much .
So there &apos;s a place where there &apos;s a seat for your keys .
For the sports man , a specific focus .
If you go back to a place , and if you put it in a place , you &apos;ll be in your seat when you look at it .
And when we travel ?
He ate an email with a photo for a soila .
These are seem obvious things like teeth .
You remember when we are under stress , the brain emits uncut .
Tolol is toxic and probably the mind .
It &apos;s just to recognize that underneath the brain will not be able to make the best of you , and we should actually recognize some system .
When you face your relationship to a medical decision .
We &apos;re all going to be somewhere in a situation in a situation .
And I want to talk about it .
or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do , or any decision that we need to do to do we need to do something we need to
It &apos;s called you go to the doctor , and this says &quot; &quot; I have the results of the test . &quot;
You know what the cholesterol cholesterol cholesterol you know is that high cholesterol cholesterol you know that the cholesterol cholesterol cholesterol ?
And you think it &apos;s just thinking that you have high cholesterol &apos;s isn &apos;t really good . And the doctor says , &quot; &quot; I want you to raise a medication and you know what &apos;s one of the medicines you know you are .
Should you ask a statistic statistics ?
It &apos;s the number they need to treat &#91; NNT . What is NNT ?
It &apos;s the number of people you have to take that drug before you help a person .
And you think what the statistics of statistics is that ?
The number one should be . My doctor didn &apos;t fear me something that doesn &apos;t help me .
But medicine doesn &apos;t work like this .
We don &apos;t know how to underbe the underlying mechanisms .
GaxoSSKE estimates estimates that 90 percent of the medicines work between 30 percent and 50 percent of the cases .
So the NNT in the most prescri-per-care case of what you think is ?
How many people do you have your suitcase before you help someone &apos;s being ?
( Laughter ) This second results results results results .
I would eat the data .
And you think you think you &apos;re going to think you &apos;re going to have you , you think you &apos;re going to think you &apos;re going to be you , and you think you think you &apos;re going to think you &apos;re going to be you . &quot; &quot; And you think you think you &apos;re going to think you &apos;re going to have you , you think you &apos;re going to think you &apos;re going to be you .
In the case of this drug medicine , this drug drug wants a drug for the case in the case of this drug drug medicine .
And they turn things into a lot . It &apos;s like it &apos;s in the muscles in the muscles and the corner , but you think , &quot; &quot; One five % . I don &apos;t think you have to me .
You have 15 times more pages than the drug you dance and .
I &apos;m not saying if you &apos;re going to have the statistical intelligence or not not saying , if you &apos;re supposed to be taking it or not , you &apos;re going to have it , if you &apos;re going to take it up or not , you &apos;re going to have it or not you , if you &apos;re going to take it up or not you , if you &apos;re going to take it up or not , if you &apos;re going to take it up or not , if you &apos;re going to take it up
( Music : &quot; only &quot; &quot; you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You &apos;re right to have access to this data to be able to talk to you about how I can talk to you to talk about the data .
I &apos;m talking about this number to doubt that I talk about this number to smiles , but in fact the NNT , I think I &apos;m talking about this number to smiles , but in fact the NNT , I think I &apos;m talking about this number to smiles , but in fact the NNT , I think I &apos;m talking about this number to smiles , but in fact the NNT , I think I &apos;m talking about this number to smiles , but actually the NNT , that I talk about
The prostate prostate cancer is by cancer , the GMT is 49 .
Yes , there &apos;s to do 49 diseases by every person who &apos;s helping .
And the side effects in this case for 50 percent of the patients .
Intimate impossibility , it &apos;s calcium carbonate .
So the idea of it &apos;s going to die in the way .
The ideal thing is not having to create all this at the time .
We also think about subjects like the quality of life .
They are things we have to think now and talk about the family and our loved ones .
You remember : Under stress the brain emits uncut , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they go a lot of systems .
Evolution tells the explanation .
Because if your body has grown up metabolizes on these things , and you don &apos;t let it very quickly , because if your body doesn &apos;t let it metabolizes in these things , and you don &apos;t let it very quickly , because if your body doesn &apos;t let it metabolizes in these things , and we don &apos;t let it very quickly , because if your body has grown up metabolizes on these things and we don &apos;t let it very quickly , because if your body doesn &apos;t let it metabolizes
I mean , one of the things you look like like this — that &apos;s the thing that you look like — that &apos;s Danny , and his colleagues .
So we need training to think antiretroviral in this kind of thing .
I think the most important thing is to recognize that we all have deficit disorder .
At some point we &apos;re wrong .
So the idea is to think antiangiogenic therapy in which can be these wrong , establishing systems that can minimize damage or just avoid that these things can minimize the damage or just avoiding these things .
I come back to that night with the head of the head of the house , and when I came back from the journey of the house in the house and an easy code to remember .
They are not fully organized organized and they &apos;re not fully organized to organized not that they are not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized in that they are not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully organized , they &apos;re not fully
Baby day !
Are they weird ?
Anybody ? No . Well , nothing .
&quot; &quot; The letter , please ? &quot;
We were going to wake up , and then we looked back at it , and I looked at it , and I looked at it , and I looked at it .
&quot; &quot; You see , you see , you know , your thighs and this ! &quot;
She was angry angry by having to talk to me , and I was angry .
It &apos;s just one word .
How can you talk ?
At that moment , I started thinking .
I tried it a lot .
How do we get here ?
Right now , right now moment at the same time moment at this same time moment .
After all , all of the time , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite all , despite
If we asked the job . It &apos;s not a language that we can use or who we &apos;re working on the job . It &apos;s not a language that we can use .
But we have another important reality , but we have another one more important reality .
And there are studies who claim to harness other languages , and there are studies that claim that to harness other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to dominate other languages , and there are studies that claim to harness other languages
When he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started writing in Arabic , when he started
All of their ideas , their descriptions , and with some ideas .
And when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he started writing English in English , she started writing English in English , and when he
We read their writings in English , when we read their writings in English , they read their writings in English , and when we read their writings in English , she was when we read his English written in English , and when we read his writings in English , she was when we read his English written in English .
We can feel that the same person is the same person .
Secondly , it is to kill your tongue .
So this reality is known to be right there .
German German German , the French , the Asian ones , the Asian ones — the French , the Japanese , the Japanese .
So that advanced thought was still not to us , but I would like to make that world , and then I would like to get the world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world , and then I would like to make that world ,
And as it was , it took me to this world , and as it was , I was going to make this world developed , and as it was , it took me , Maldy and others , who took them to their tongue instead as a treasure .
He gave him his charge .
Because if we take any kind of fear , we know it &apos;s not a place .
Nobody would think it was a place .
They &apos;ll come back to be consumers , consumers are ignorant , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;re going to be a consumers , they &apos;ll come back to be a consumers , they &apos;ll come back to be a consumers , they &apos;ll come back
There are particular feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific feelings specific , there are specific
The language is not one , two or three words or letters in line .
Or if one child comes to me and said , &quot; &quot; Tell me , &quot; &quot; and if one child comes to me , saying , &quot; &quot; JL : English &quot; &quot; &#93; &quot; &quot; ... &quot; &quot; ?
How did they feel ?
If you don &apos;t see any problem , it &apos;s better than stop and let me talk about it .
So what I mean is that those scripts are tragic in a particular point .
I have a friend who &apos;s talking to you , I have a little friend .
One time I asked her all .
And he told me , &quot; &quot; All right , but once I didn &apos;t have the night , why didn &apos;t we .
We love that she &apos;s not who I told her husband , and it &apos;s normal he doesn &apos;t understand it ; his way of thinking is different .
She said , &quot; &quot; He wants to say &quot; &quot; El ck with me , &quot; &quot; and one night , I tried to translate it so that you could feel what I feel when you were to feel what I feel when I don &apos;t feel that I feel when I don &apos;t feel that I &apos;m happy . &quot; &quot; So he comes to my hands .
( Applause ) Well , what do we do to do to protect the Arab language ?
We need to engage civil society , and we need to engage civil society .
But as many people said , &quot; &quot; Why do you care ?
So I forgot this question , and it &apos;s okay . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; No one problem !
The campaign to preserve the Arab Arab Arabic is launched : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one : the following one :
We don &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; Oh ! Don &apos;t we accept this or another . &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t use that style because that means we don &apos;t get it .
And when somebody speaks me like this , I hate the Arabic .
We do ... ( Applause ) We mean we want to change our reality , and be convinced that we want to change our reality , aspirations and day day .
There &apos;s a way to view how we think about it .
So after that we run photos of young people and windows with Arabic characters .
Falls of young people and furniture .
We &apos;re very , &quot; &quot; No . &quot; &quot; &#91; &quot; &quot; English &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; &quot; Shal &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot;
And anybody who says , &quot; &quot; Eh , use a word in English ! &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; No ! I adopted the word &quot; &quot; cog , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; I mean , &quot; &quot; I mean , I adopted a more beautiful word , and it makes better word with reality .
I &apos;m going to follow saying &quot; &quot; Internet . &quot;
And they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us , and they think they have authority about us ,
The creativity in mother tongue is the way .
So let &apos;s start with right now .
A brand new sounds like it could do again .
It could take the Arabic again again .
But we have to know it , and be convinced that there &apos;s a solution , and we have to be convinced that there &apos;s a solution , and that we have to be able to have a part of it .
In short , what can you do since now ?
So let &apos;s look at this — like , who is , who is ?
Please , do you test it , even though my time had broken , and then my time ended up .
But they don &apos;t write in Arabic with latt-mixing characters .
( Music ) ( Applause ) So it &apos;s a disdone ! It &apos;s not a tongue .
They were going to run into a virtual world virtual world .
And it &apos;s not easy to go back to the world and follow .
Now I &apos;m going to tell you a secret .
Kids are first identified to their father &apos;s father .
So when I was born my daughter , I refuse to say , &quot; &quot; This is a voice , my heritage . &quot; &quot; And I &apos;m not saying , &quot; &quot; This is yma .
What &apos;s happening in the mind from baby ?
If we asked this about 30 years , most people , psychologists , psychologists , would say this baby boy is irrational , but it wouldn &apos;t have to let this baby somebody else &apos;s mind or not even understand an effect of causation .
Over the last 20 years , science science came up with this theory .
In a sense , we believe that the thought of this baby is like the thought of this baby &apos;s thinking .
You &apos;re an example of this .
One thing that I could be thinking about this baby , which might be happening in his mind , is it &apos;s going to be happening in his mind , and it &apos;s happening in the mind of another baby .
We end up one of the most difficult things for us to do all of us is treating the most difficult people , they think about it .
And maybe the hardest thing to understand that what else we think is that what else we think and feel is not the same as what we think and we feel .
Anyone who &apos;s not so much of the policy can say the hard it works .
We wanted to know if babies and kids and kids could understand this very complex idea about other people .
The thing is , how do we ask you ?
The babies don &apos;t talk about , and if we ask a three-year-old child who tells us what they &apos;re saying , we &apos;re only going to make a thoughts of thoughts about it , and spend years and things for it .
How do we ask you ?
It turns out that the secret was the secret .
Bety Rabcham , one of my students , one of my students , and most of me , we gave them the baby &apos;s two straats with food : one of my students , reflecting , and another .
All babies , even in Berkeley , they like the chickens and you don &apos;t like the broccoli .
( Laughter ) Next , what he did was Bety was test food .
And he said , &quot; &quot; I liked it or not what I &apos;ve done .
Half of the time , they were like they liked their chickens , and don &apos;t the broccoli — like any baby or normal person .
But the other half , took a little bit of broccoli , and he said , &quot; &quot; Meeogi .
I &apos;ve called the broccoli . Mem . &quot; &quot; And then he got a little bit of kopk , and he said , &quot; &quot; Amos , put it .
I &apos;ve called the chickens . Amos , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; I mean , it &apos;s like the opposite of what the hell was like to the babies .
We did this with 15 and 18 months .
And then Bety blows my hand , and he said , &quot; Get me a little bit ! &quot;
( Laughter ) So the thing was , if you were asked the babies who would love to them or read it ?
The surprising one was that babies of 18 months , who ended up beginning to walk and talk , and said , &quot; &quot; You know , it &apos;s like three months when you just like the broccoli .
On the other hand , the babies of 15 months are connected to it , and it seemed like he liked the broccoli , as if you couldn &apos;t understand it .
And then I watched it for a long mouse for a long mouse , and then he said , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;d like to love the whole world .
So there are two data revealed this .
For one thing is that babies and 18 months have found this important act of human nature : that we don &apos;t all want the same .
It &apos;s more , they understand that it &apos;s supposed to be able to help other people to do what they do .
And more interesting , no , is that babies of 15 months don &apos;t do this ; what is the fact that the sixty-15 months don &apos;t do this ; what is the fact that the six- 18 learned learned from the fact that they are separated from the babies of 15 months .
So babies know it &apos;s more and they learn more than we again .
And this is just one of the hundreds of studies that have done in the last 20 years showing this thing .
What if you can ask now is why kids learn so much ?
And how is it possible that they learn so much as a little while ?
I mean , the first view , babies seem pretty useless .
And in many instances , they are worse than useful , because we have to make a lot of time and energy just to keep them alive .
If we rearrange evolution to look at this mystery that we &apos;ve lost so much time tending to babies that we lost so much time tending to babies , it turns out that there &apos;s an answer that we lost so much time tending to babies that we lost so much time tending to babies .
If you look different species , not just other species , not just other prime cases like us , but also other siblings , but also some of the things that are relationship between the committee of childhood , and the size of the brain and the flexibility of the brain and the understanding of the species and intelligence and the flexibility and the flexibility of the brain and the intelligence and the flexibility of the species .
So an example of this array of these birds that you can see here .
For a band of New Caledony .
The corlings and other corchages , cherts , that are the very smart birds .
And in the right senses are really smart as chimpanzees .
And this is a kind of birds that has learned using tools to get food .
On the other hand , we have to our known as a domestic passion .
Reading it , like the ducks , you know , and greed , they &apos;re just like stones .
They &apos;re very good enough , but they &apos;re not really good enough to do anything else .
It turns out that babies from New Caledony , the pichers of New Caledony , the Ethiopian girl .
They depended on their mommies in your mouth to the two years of life , which is a lot of time in the short life of a bird .
However , restraints are adult a couple of months .
So childhood is the reason why it &apos;s the reason that the end of it &apos;s being in the gates of scientific journals that the gators are doing so on the weekends and the soup .
There &apos;s something in the very long work that seems to be related to knowledge and learning .
What could we have to do this ?
Some animals , like chickens , they seem empowered to do something very well .
So restraints are very good enough to get a big environment .
Other creatures like the corder , they &apos;re not particularly good at doing anything , but they are very good to learn different norms .
And of course , we humans are very far in that distributed .
We have better brains with our bodies , much more than any other animal .
I smarter smart , but we can learn more , but we can learn more , many more environments : we have migrate across the planet and even face space .
And our babies and children depended on us for a lot more time than babies of other species .
My son has 23 .
( Laughter ) So until the top of 23 , we still put them up to see them in their open home .
Okay , why do we look at this relationship ?
So an idea is that this strategy , the strategy of learning , is a very powerful way of going to be in this world . But it &apos;s a very powerful way to get in this world .
It turns out that until everybody learns it , it turns out that until everything is undefined .
Wouldn &apos;t it be good for us to get us to think , &quot; I mean , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to make a jig or an iPhone ? What is it better ? &quot;
It would be better to know all of that before they move the mafius .
And the way that quantum entangled this problem was , it seems to be , with a lot of work .
So we have this period of time when we are totally protected .
We don &apos;t have to do anything . It &apos;s just to learn .
And then , as adults , we can take that we learn from babies and kids and then put it in practice to get out the world .
One way to think about this is that babies and children are like the department Department and underdeveloped the human species of human species .
It &apos;s the people who are protected , who only have to go out , learn and have good ideas , and we are the production and commercialization .
We have to take all of these ideas that we learn from children and put them in practice .
Another way of thinking is , instead of thinking of babies and kids like adults , thinking about them as well as being in a different state of development in the same species ; like the random ones and the Sahara , but the babies were going to see the rubbish out there by the garden exploring by leveraging , and we would be able to close them out in our narrow way of adults .
If this is true , if babies are designed to learn , and this story of evolution tells us that this is , the kids are to learn , and that &apos;s the story of evolution that are quite powerful .
And in fact , the brain of a baby seems to be the most powerful learning piece of the planet .
But the real computers are doing a lot .
There &apos;s actually a revolution in our way to understand the machinery of learning .
And the whole cause of the ideas of this man , the revering New Yorker , a statistical awareness of the 18th century .
Benedicically , you have provided a mathematical modeling that &apos;s using the theory of the probability to characterized and describe the way that scientists found things in the world .
What scientists are doing is to plant a hypothesis , something that &apos;s going to start .
So then we went on that test test .
The evidence makes it change the hypothesis , it &apos;s going to change the hypothesis .
They &apos;re going to breathe with new evidence that they &apos;re going to breathe with new evidence , and so it turns out .
What Bayes showed was a mathematical attribute that could do that .
And math is the basis of the best programs of learning that we have today .
Ten years ago , I suggested that babies were supposed to be doing the same .
If we want to know what &apos;s happening under these beautiful quantum mechanics , I think it &apos;s something very much like a very similar thing .
At the end of the Tinges Foundation .
I think babies are doing very complicated calculations with disabilities who studied and so we figure out how the world works .
Well , this is even more difficult to prove .
If we ask an adult about statistics , you can feel pretty stupid .
How is it possible that kids do statistics ?
To test this , we use a machine we gave to call the Shenet .
It &apos;s a box that goes out , and it sounds when it turns out that it sounds like some of it .
By using this machine as simple , in my lab , and also other people , if they were asked questions about how good people are learning about the challenge .
I &apos;ve shown just one we &apos;ve done with Jaws Spiner , one of my students .
If you had to show you that maybe you &apos;d probably start thinking that the way to activate it is to put a block on the detector .
But the case is that the detector works in a very bizarre way .
If it sounds a block out of the detector , something that we don &apos;t think we would think we would be in a beginning , the detector turns out for two times every three times .
It turns out that if you put the block out there , what would it be like , it &apos;s only 12 times every six times .
So the odds that less likely to be more intuitive .
It looks like the strategy going to shake the object is more valuable than another .
So we explain this data to the four four years and we gave them the experimenter .
And with security , the kids of four years used to be used the data , and then they put the object on top of the detector .
There are two data in this .
The first one , nurses , who are four years old , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago , I &apos;m about four years ago , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago , and , I mean , the first time I &apos;m four years ago , and the first time I &apos;m about four years ago ,
I think they &apos;re learning to talk about ; that they are learning to count .
But inconsciously , they are also doing complex calculations who give them a measure of unconditional probes .
The second point is that they are actually using the evidence to get an idea , a hypothesis over the world , which seems pretty unlikely at first .
So in studies that we do in the lab , other subjects , we &apos;ve shown that these four year-old kids are very much better finding the odds , given the same task .
In these circumstance , the kids are making statistics to get statistics about the world , but scientists experience them , after all , and we wanted to see if the kids were experiencing .
It &apos;s what we often call &quot; &quot; parse &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; play . &quot; &quot; There &apos;s a lot of interesting studies surprising lately that show that these games are like a kind of research program .
We &apos;ve shown one from the lab &apos;s lab lab .
Critic or a new coach coach .
He showed up to the kids who were going to make them work , and the dots don &apos;t , and the dots don &apos;t , as they &apos;ll show it .
What we &apos;ll see now is this boy by writing five minutes of time .
Night : So what ?
Night : Just like the other side .
Allison : Well , the first chance .
No : Nothing . ( Laughter ) Child : This is the one , but this isn &apos;t .
Allison : It begins to describe experimentation .
Nine : Why do you take care of ?
( Laughter ) Mosking : I don &apos;t understand it .
Allison : Scientists educate that face .
( Laughter ) Child : Oh , it &apos;s because this has to be , and this has to be .
Allison : Lula .
Last : So he has to be .
Last : Oh ... you can &apos;t be .
( Laughter ) Allison : The next thing .
He &apos;s asked to try to put it on top of the other .
Nlater it worked .
No : Oh , it &apos;s because light is only going to get there , right here .
Have this box there &apos;s electricity , but this doesn &apos;t have .
Allison : Well , that would be the fourth one .
No : Now yeah !
If you test four blocks .
If you test four block blocks in this , and the two to you , you go to the other .
Allison : Well , that &apos;s the farm .
This child is — it &apos;s a very small child , take a little bit , but Cickoline found that it &apos;s a very typical child .
If you look at how kids play the kids , if we ask you to wonder something , what do they do is to experiment .
Very typical kids from 4 .
Well , what do you feel like this kind of creature ?
What do you feel like one of these bitors you can test five minutes in two minutes ?
If we go to the theory of psychologists and philosophers , a lot of telling babies that babies and children are just conscious , or even if they &apos;re not all in it .
But I think it &apos;s the opposite .
I think babies and kids are more conscious to adults .
This is what we know about how we work in adulthood .
Reawareness and attention of an adult are actually a focus .
What happens in adults is that when we decide something is important or relevant , we aim attention .
The awareness about it is what we are aiming for , and the awareness of it , the rest , the rest of the rest .
We also know how this happens in the brain .
When we pay attention to something , the frontal lobe is , the part of the brain , the part of the brain , is a signal that makes a small part of the brain , if it gets more money , better to learn ; and the activity in the rest of the brain .
We have so much centered attention , guided by the way .
If we look at babies and kids , we see something very different .
I think babies and kids seem to have an awareness more like a lantern .
I mean babies and kids were able to limit paying attention to one thing .
But it turns out that it &apos;s very good for a lot of data and a lot of sources .
And if you look at their brains , what you see is that they are gown from neurotransmitters that will allow you to make learning and plasticity , and the performance is still not going .
So when you say babies and kids have problems to pay attention , what really means is it costs don &apos;t pay attention .
You like to get the interesting stuff that you could tell you something about it , to look at what &apos;s important .
That &apos;s the kind of attention , the kind of awareness we have to wait for those drawers that are designed for learning .
If we want to think about a way to feel that kind of child awareness as adults , I think the best way is to think about cases where we have a new situation in which we haven &apos;t been never before ; every time we love somebody , or when we &apos;re going to play a city for the first time .
In those cases , self-awareness doesn &apos;t adapt , so it turns out that in three days in Paris there &apos;s more awareness and experiences that every month back in Paris , walking on the ladder , talking on the velterd .
There &apos;s a coffee , and that amazing coffee that we take out there , really hard , the effect of a neurotransmitters of babies .
So how is it a baby ?
It &apos;s like being a boyfriend in Paris for the first time , after they take three exerts .
( Laughter ) A wonderful feeling , but you often expect to cry by 3 a.m.
But it &apos;s okay .
I don &apos;t mean too much about the magnificent dinosaurs that are babies .
It &apos;s true .
We can do things like tie shoes or crossing the street .
And it has a sense that we put a lot of effort to do that babies like adults .
But if what we want is like those diodes , having the mind open , be open to learning , being open to learning , imagination , creativity , innovation — maybe , at least sometimes , we should have a little bit like kids .
( Applause )
( Laughter ) So these are simple objects : motion , your keys , your car , your lens .
I &apos;m the things that victims of genocide in Buoskworm are the things that victims of genocide in Buoskworm are the things that victims of genocide in Buoskworm .
We are all made of these mundane and ordinary words .
The fact that some victims have taken off objects like paste or sanitation it &apos;s a sign of teeth , a signal that didn &apos;t have thought of it .
They were told that they were going to change themselves from themselves that they were going to change their lives .
So these objects made a lot of doubt that of my land , and we &apos;re going to talk about , the exerorient exalman of my land , and we &apos;re talking about , the phanazar , the bodies of the new collective metals from the war .
And it &apos;s maybe the greatest discover the greatest discover that are maybe the greatest risk .
Over the next four years of the conflict that unlocks the universe of the 1990s , a 330,000 330,000 citizens , most of the 330,000 citizens , most , disappeared , disappeared , barely killed , barely killed and other 107,000 were annihilated during fighting combat .
The more you have been killed , well in the early days of war , or a face of conflict , they fell in hands of the serchas .
The international court dictators contract or sentenced crimes against disabilities and genocide and genocide .
Hinighors is the systematic and deliberate political group of a ethnic , political and race and race and race from a ethnic , political and race , political and race from a ethnic , political and race , political and race from a ethnic , political and racial ethnic and race from a ethnic and racial ethnic and race from a ethnic and racial and race of a political and race of a political and racial and race of a political and racial and race of a political and racial and race of a political and
The genocide is so much slowing down .
It &apos;s like the destruction of the universe , the destruction of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage
Radio genocide is not just cutting ; it &apos;s the denial of identity identity ; it &apos;s the denial of identity .
There are always hints of it , there &apos;s no perfect crime .
They have always been unlucky enough of death as they become more than their own bodies , or that our <unk> tive .
These objects go long from a lot of common , and the objective of objects is a unique process of predicting the only act of genocide in Europe from the Holocaust in Europe from the Holocaust .
No body should be unable to figure out whether or not fear .
Again , once we regain these objects that victims would take their way to their priorities if they would set out to their priorities .
Thousands of plastic bags like the ones you see in CSD bags like the ones that you see in CSD bags .
This is a sandwich that &apos;s been used as an Islamic tool in the visual response of victims , but also as normalized by people in the U.S.
Sometimes it &apos;s called the super-sure we &apos;re going to determine whether or to identify visual behavior is a tough , uneffective process and painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful
One time , doctors and nurses , they were starting to suffer from the narrative of narrative narratives .
( Laughter ) Many of you who don &apos;t do it or just apply it out of sight of the view and the mind of the mind of the mind and the mind of the mind and the mind of the mind and the mind of the mind and the mind of the mind , and the mind that they don &apos;t do it or just apply it out of sight of the view and the mind of the mind .
A few years ago , I decided to describe the exhudes with the exhudes to create a visual cortex that the superphant we would live in , and a visual cortex that we would have in a few years ago , I decided to describe a visual cortex that we would never have imagined , to create a visual cortex that we would never have imagined .
How much like me to promote awareness is how to promote awareness , consciously like me to promote awareness .
And in this case , they can recognize objects or whatever the photos were like , and in this case , they can recognize the objects or at least the photos of them , and in this case , they can recognize objects or whatever it has happened .
The photograph is empathy and the famired of these extra dimensions .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , a formidable tool , if you want , and the outcome is the most like a paper .
When you identify the odds that are going on the bodies of the bodies are going to eat the bodies and these ordinary men are going to eat themselves .
In all his simplicity , these are the testing of the identity of the victims &apos; identity of the last reminder that those people exist have have been tested and tested with the identity of victims of the future .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So a few years ago , I decided to follow up the footprints of the American philosopher , Morgan Samlock , and a few years ago , I decided to follow the footprints of the American philosopher , Morgan Samlock .
There are some things I &apos;ve learned to do with these three days .
I didn &apos;t know that the time was too much more .
This belongs to my challenge of taking a photo every day during a month .
I would never have been so jealous .
And I also understood I was also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve also
For some sense , the secret is not sleep .
But you end up your novel .
It &apos;s terrible .
I don &apos;t have to say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m special . &quot;
No . If I mean , I mean , I &apos;m a writer .
I learned that by making small change and sustainable , it &apos;s more likely to keep it forever .
In fact , they &apos;re quite fun .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my picture .
Does this is a picture ?
Because of course , this is a picture that can &apos;t take their cameras into the cameras .
With all , my firsthand work started when I could see my first computer camera at 15 .
( Laughter ) So I looked at my kind of passion that was a little bit different , because by using a camera , it was a little bit different .
And when a picture hits a camera with a camera , the process ends up when you follow the wrist .
To me , photography had more than to look at being in the irrigation .
I feel like you could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process goes on the summit on the wrist .
Fots like this : a building in a very transistor .
But it has an unexpected gyrus .
And yet it turns out a realist level .
Or photos like these , dark and colorful , but all with the common objective to keep the level of realism .
When I was saying , a rerealism .
Because of course , it &apos;s not something that can be really captured but I always want it , it was captured in a way like a photograph .
Do you have to think a moment to discover the magic .
So this has more than to look at capturing an idea that with capturing a really really .
But what is the trick that does it look true ?
Do you have to see the details or the colors ?
Do you have to see with light ?
What does it create the illusion ?
The time the view is illusion .
But by the end of our way of interpreting the world and how it can be located on a two-dimensional layer .
It &apos;s really not about whether it &apos;s realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I feel like a puzzle of reality in which we take different branches of reality , and we have to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you an easy example .
So here we have three physical objects that we can all relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
But we also have to create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if you think about it .
But at the same time , we know you can &apos;t exist .
So we fix our brain because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it really doesn &apos;t accept the fact .
And I see the same process by combining photos .
It &apos;s really about taking different realities .
So the things that make a picture look like , I think it &apos;s the thing that we don &apos;t even think ; the things that we don &apos;t even think ; the things that are defined in our lives .
But when we combine photos , it &apos;s really important to have account this . Because unlike the opposite , it will be weird .
So I &apos;d like to say that there are three simple steps that follow for achievement results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first doubt is that the combined photos of how we have to have the same angle .
Secondly , the combined photos have to have the same kind of light .
And these two shots are going to meet these requirements ; they have been packaged at the same time and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make it impossible to tell where they start and ends with a perfect language .
It has to be impossible to say how to eat it .
Making the color , the contrast to color , the contrast , that there are among the different images , adding up to defective targets as water and noise and noise , branches the boundaries between the different images and we make it look like a sounds , despite the fact that a single image can have hundreds of samples .
This is another example .
( Laughter ) We could think this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom part is what was manipulated .
But this picture here is completely generated by photos of different places .
I think it &apos;s easier to create a place that finds a place that found out , because it doesn &apos;t need to compromise the ideas that have in your head .
But this requires a lot of design .
And as I thought this thought in the winter , I knew I had a few months to design , to find out the different places for the world .
For example , the fish was captured on a catch away .
The guards are in a different proportion .
The spines was captured in a stone .
And yeah , even though I &apos;ve been red to the head of the island of the island so that it makes more harm .
So to do a realist result , I think we need design skills .
Again , it &apos;s always starts with an idea .
So there &apos;s a different understanding of photos .
And here &apos;s a piece of fun .
If you make a good job by taking the photos the outcome , it can be very beautiful and very hard .
All the tools are out there , and the only thing that we just wipe us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So this slide , you have to get your age on the horizontal axis .
After puberty , we got away from the map .
through a technique we &apos;re using a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re using all around the world through a technique that we &apos;re
And the distribution of the Japanese is totally different .
changes our models of how we work in the critical period of time .
We had to establish a group of control .
But we wonder that paper paper paper is a part of paper .
And another group that has only led to a stadium at a stadium , and another group that had only exhibit an audio radio auhauring audio and another group , and another group that had only exhibit a stadium at a stadium , and another group that had only exhibit a stadium at a stadium , and another group that had only exhibit a stadium at a stadium , and another group that had only exhibit a stadium at a stadium , and another group that had only exhibit a stadium at a stadium , and
What you see here is the result of the stadium .
It &apos;s six months .
( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) And so the thing that does an area made that the whole area of the brain — ( Laughter ) — ( Laughter ) — that &apos;s an area made that another thing .
( Applause )
